JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/README.md, before:

# JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/JsopX-Splash-Screen-v-0.png)

The `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

This homogeneous suite of JSopX™ projects, uses some of the most advanced client-side and server-side technologies of today, such as Asp.NET Core, Blazor, .NET MAUI, Angular, React, Node.JS, Vue &amp; more! 

![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/JsopX-Splash-Screen.png)

All access the same server-side Web API, while using the same client-side, look-and-feel resources and assets across all projects, constructed as a centeralized, unified, enterprise-level soluiton, and available as responsive web designs for most mobile, tablet, laptop & desktop web browsers, as a Windows, Linux and Mac desktop application, and as a native mobile app for Iphone, Android, Samsung Galaxy and Windows Phone.


![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Assets Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/bootstrap-themes.png)


> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Alerts](#alerts)
    - [Current Alerts](#current-alerts)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)


## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites


- Visual Studio 2022 (17.11.5) or higher installed.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0.7 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.sln` file structures.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure the latest MAUI Hybrid .NET Core `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` project stays update to date, by [pulling the latest from its repository](#getting-started).


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You do not need to install technologies mentioned in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section just to review the markdown files under `Docs`.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


## Getting Started

﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section describes a typical cloning operaton. Conversely, to mimic the collective JSopX project architecture takes some extra effort to fully implement "AS-IS".
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**

## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Installation

You can install the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project **independently** by cloning the Git Repository.

#### Step by Step Instructions:

1. _Clone_ **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Git Repository:
    ```powershell
       # Using PowerShell: Clone JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore Git Repository
    
       # 1. Navigate to the desired local directory you plan to clone the repository
       # to on your computer
       cd path\to\local\repo\JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore
    
       # 2. Clone JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore Git Repository       
       git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore.git
    ```
    
2. _Open_ the solution in `Visual Studio`:

    - **Open** **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore.sln`** in Visual Studio 2022 or higher.

3. _Build_ the `Project`:

    - **Right-click** on the solution in `Solution Explorer` and select `Build Solution`.
      
4. _Run_ the `Project`:

    - **Click** on the `Run` button in `Visual Studio` to run the project.

## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Project References

What makes the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project—and the entire JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences collection—so versatile, even as an enterprise-level suite, is each project's ability to include and reuse '_Project References_.' These references are shared resources that enhance collaboration and efficiency across projects.

The _Project References_ included in the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project are as follows:


1. [`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`](#jsopxbridgetoofar):
    - A new project being developed, containing base static reusable assets often derived by the primary Shared Resources, Class Libraries and Razor Class Libraries.


## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project requires certain technologies installed to work as expected.


[`JSopX`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  [`Visual Studio`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/VisualStudios.md) [`Asp.NET Core`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md) [`.NET Framework SDK`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md) [`C#`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)  » 
[`All Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies.md)  »  [`All Project Repositories`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


## Usage

#### Adding the JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core to Other Projects

1. **Add Project Reference**:

    - In the solution that requires the common library, right-click on the project in Solution Explorer.
    - Select `Add` > `Reference`.
    - Check the box for `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` and click `OK`.

2. **Use the Common Code**:

    - You can now use the constants, enums, and helpers from the `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` in your other projects.

## In Conclusion

The `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

By centralizing project properties, filters, and other static, constants, this approach to basic object oriented coding should be one of the first things you do when extending your projects, especially with referencing the `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` across projects.

[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Altered existing alerts and created new documentation describing more common alerts to look for.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/README.md, after:

# JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/JsopX-Splash-Screen-v-0.png)

The `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

This homogeneous suite of JSopX™ projects, uses some of the most advanced client-side and server-side technologies of today, such as Asp.NET Core, Blazor, .NET MAUI, Angular, React, Node.JS, Vue &amp; more! 

![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/JsopX-Splash-Screen.png)

All access the same server-side Web API, while using the same client-side, look-and-feel resources and assets across all projects, constructed as a centeralized, unified, enterprise-level soluiton, and available as responsive web designs for most mobile, tablet, laptop & desktop web browsers, as a Windows, Linux and Mac desktop application, and as a native mobile app for Iphone, Android, Samsung Galaxy and Windows Phone.


![JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Assets Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/doc-assets/bootstrap-themes.png)



> [!CAUTION]
> **CURRENT PHASE: Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being (_and this is by design_). No other **Phases** are treated this way.
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.




## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Alerts](#alerts)
    - [Current Alerts](#current-alerts)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)


## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites


- Visual Studio 2022 (17.11.5) or higher installed.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0.7 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.sln` file structures.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure the latest MAUI Hybrid .NET Core `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` project stays update to date, by [pulling the latest from its repository](#getting-started).


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You do not need to install technologies mentioned in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section just to review the markdown files under `Docs`.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


## Getting Started

﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section describes a typical cloning operaton. Conversely, to mimic the collective JSopX project architecture takes some extra effort to fully implement "AS-IS".
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**

## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Installation

You can install the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project **independently** by cloning the Git Repository.

#### Step by Step Instructions:

1. _Clone_ **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Git Repository:
    ```powershell
       # Using PowerShell: Clone JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore Git Repository
    
       # 1. Navigate to the desired local directory you plan to clone the repository
       # to on your computer
       cd path\to\local\repo\JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore
    
       # 2. Clone JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore Git Repository       
       git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore.git
    ```
    
2. _Open_ the solution in `Visual Studio`:

    - **Open** **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore.sln`** in Visual Studio 2022 or higher.

3. _Build_ the `Project`:

    - **Right-click** on the solution in `Solution Explorer` and select `Build Solution`.
      
4. _Run_ the `Project`:

    - **Click** on the `Run` button in `Visual Studio` to run the project.

## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Project References

What makes the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project—and the entire JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences collection—so versatile, even as an enterprise-level suite, is each project's ability to include and reuse '_Project References_.' These references are shared resources that enhance collaboration and efficiency across projects.

The _Project References_ included in the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project are as follows:


1. [`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`](#jsopxbridgetoofar):
    - A new project being developed, containing base static reusable assets often derived by the primary Shared Resources, Class Libraries and Razor Class Libraries.


## JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore : Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`** Project requires certain technologies installed to work as expected.


[`JSopX`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  [`Visual Studio`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/VisualStudios.md) [`Asp.NET Core`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md) [`.NET Framework SDK`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md) [`C#`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)  » 
[`All Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/Technologies.md)  »  [`All Project Repositories`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


## Usage

#### Adding the JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core to Other Projects

1. **Add Project Reference**:

    - In the solution that requires the common library, right-click on the project in Solution Explorer.
    - Select `Add` > `Reference`.
    - Check the box for `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` and click `OK`.

2. **Use the Common Code**:

    - You can now use the constants, enums, and helpers from the `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` in your other projects.

## In Conclusion

The `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ MAUI Hybrid .NET Core Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

By centralizing project properties, filters, and other static, constants, this approach to basic object oriented coding should be one of the first things you do when extending your projects, especially with referencing the `JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore` across projects.

[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
