CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# JSopX™ — Code of Conduct

---

[`Home`] » **[`JSopX.Core`]**

---

This repository is **private** and **proprietary**. It is not open to contributions, forks, issues, or pull requests from the public.

All work within this repository is conducted exclusively by authorized personnel of Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) and its approved partners.

Any unauthorized attempts to interact with, modify, or redistribute this repository are strictly prohibited and may result in legal action.


---

[`Home`] » **[`JSopX.Core`]** 

---

##### [jsopx.com] | [GitHub] | [Lexicon] | [Email] | Phone : 508-851-9445

###### Copyright © 2025 – All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™)

[jsopx.com]: http://jsopx.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Products, Services and SaaS Services"
[Email]: mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Email Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[Phone]: phoneto:508-851-9445 "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Phone Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com]: mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Email Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[508-851-9445]: phoneto:508-851-9445 "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Phone Contact for Mark Silvetri"

[GitHub]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) GitHub Repository"

[Current Git Hub]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Document Management Project Solution GitHub Repository"
[Current GitHub Home]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/README.md "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Document Management Project GitHub Home README.md"

<!--Root Lexicon -->
[Lexicon]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Global/Common/Lexicon.md "JSopX™ Project Common Lexicon.md"
[`Lexicon`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Global/Common/Lexicon.md "JSopX™ Project Common Lexicon.md"

<!--Root Solution Home-->
[`Home`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "JSopX™ Document Management Project Home README.md"
<!--Root Solution Project -->
[`JSopX.Core`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/README.md "JSopX™ SaaS JSopX™ Core Project Solution example README.md"

<!--Install README.md - Often same as Root Solution-->
[`Intro`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/README.md "JSopX™ SaaS Project Solution Install README.md"
<!--Install README.md - Often same as Root Solution-->
[`Install`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/REINSTALLME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Project Solution Install README.md"
<!--Briefing REDEBRIEFME.md - The briefing of the Solution-->
[`Debrief`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/REDEBRIEFME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Briefing REDEBRIEFME.md"
<!--Recreate RECREATEME.md - The step by step instructions to Create Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Recreate`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/RECREATEME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Step by Step HowTo Re-Create RECREATEME.md"
<!--Recreate CHANGELOG.md - The Changelogs of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Changelogs`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CHANGELOG.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Change Logs CHANGELOG.md"
<!--Recreate CONTRIBUTING.md - The Contributing Guidelines of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Contributing`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CONTRIBUTING.md "JSopX™ SaaS Contributor Guidelines CONTRIBUTING.md"
<!--Recreate CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md - The Code of Conduct of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Conduct`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md "JSopX™ SaaS Code of Conduct CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"
<!--Recreate SECURITY.md - The Security Policy of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Security`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/SECURITY.md "JSopX™ SaaS Security Policy SECURITY.md"
<!--Recreate LICENSE.txt - The LICENSE Policy of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`License`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/SECURITY.md "JSopX™ LICENSE Policy LICENSE.txt"

<!-- Back to Top links (all styles) found under most sections -->
[Back to Top]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
[`Back to Top`]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
[`⇧ Back to Top`]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
<!-- Long Form External GitHub Repository Links of all JSopX™ Enterprise-Level Solution SaaS Projects -->
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX "JSopX™ Enterprise-Level Solution SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Core>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Core "JSopX™ Core SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ML>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ML "JSopX™ ML SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Halos>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Halos "JSopX™ Halos SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebApi>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebApi "JSopX™ WebAPI SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Data>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Data "JSopX™ Data SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Vault>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Vault "JSopX™ Vault SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Presentation>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Presentation "JSopX™ Presentation SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Utilities>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Utilities "JSopX™ Utilities SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Unitx>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Unitx "JSopX™ Unit Testing SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.SaaS>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.SaaS "JSopX™ SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Titrate>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Titrate "JSopX™ MAUI Titrate SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.HealthTracker>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.HealthTracker "The Original JSopX™ Maui SaaS Project by Mark"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Maui.MPA>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Maui.MPA "The Original JSopX™ Maui Multi App SaaS Project by Mark"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "JSopX™ Document Management SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.CRM>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.CRM "JSopX™ Customer Relationship Management SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.PLM>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.PLM "JSopX™ Product Lifecycle Management SaaS Project"

Commit message:

Checking in all updates before the creation of all primary solution files for each BridgeTooFar project bucket.

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# JSopX™ — Code of Conduct

---

[`Home`] » **[`JSopX.Core`]**

---

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


---

[`Home`] » **[`JSopX.Core`]** 

---

##### [jsopx.com] | [GitHub] | [Lexicon] | [Email] | Phone : 508-851-9445

###### Copyright © 2025 – All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™)

[jsopx.com]: http://jsopx.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Products, Services and SaaS Services"
[Email]: mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Email Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[Phone]: phoneto:508-851-9445 "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Phone Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com]: mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Email Contact for Mark Silvetri"
[508-851-9445]: phoneto:508-851-9445 "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Phone Contact for Mark Silvetri"

[GitHub]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) GitHub Repository"

[Current Git Hub]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Document Management Project Solution GitHub Repository"
[Current GitHub Home]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/README.md "Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) JSopX™ Document Management Project GitHub Home README.md"

<!--Root Lexicon -->
[Lexicon]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Global/Common/Lexicon.md "JSopX™ Project Common Lexicon.md"
[`Lexicon`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Global/Common/Lexicon.md "JSopX™ Project Common Lexicon.md"

<!--Root Solution Home-->
[`Home`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "JSopX™ Document Management Project Home README.md"
<!--Root Solution Project -->
[`JSopX.Core`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/README.md "JSopX™ SaaS JSopX™ Core Project Solution example README.md"

<!--Install README.md - Often same as Root Solution-->
[`Intro`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/README.md "JSopX™ SaaS Project Solution Install README.md"
<!--Install README.md - Often same as Root Solution-->
[`Install`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/REINSTALLME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Project Solution Install README.md"
<!--Briefing REDEBRIEFME.md - The briefing of the Solution-->
[`Debrief`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/REDEBRIEFME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Briefing REDEBRIEFME.md"
<!--Recreate RECREATEME.md - The step by step instructions to Create Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Recreate`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/RECREATEME.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Step by Step HowTo Re-Create RECREATEME.md"
<!--Recreate CHANGELOG.md - The Changelogs of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Changelogs`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CHANGELOG.md "JSopX™ SaaS Document Management Project Change Logs CHANGELOG.md"
<!--Recreate CONTRIBUTING.md - The Contributing Guidelines of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Contributing`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CONTRIBUTING.md "JSopX™ SaaS Contributor Guidelines CONTRIBUTING.md"
<!--Recreate CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md - The Code of Conduct of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Conduct`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md "JSopX™ SaaS Code of Conduct CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"
<!--Recreate SECURITY.md - The Security Policy of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`Security`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/SECURITY.md "JSopX™ SaaS Security Policy SECURITY.md"
<!--Recreate LICENSE.txt - The LICENSE Policy of Solution - often from briefing -->
[`License`]: /JSopX.BridgeTooFar/docs/md/JSopX.Core/SECURITY.md "JSopX™ LICENSE Policy LICENSE.txt"

<!-- Back to Top links (all styles) found under most sections -->
[Back to Top]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
[`Back to Top`]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
[`⇧ Back to Top`]: #table-of-contents "Primary document table of contents"
<!-- Long Form External GitHub Repository Links of all JSopX™ Enterprise-Level Solution SaaS Projects -->
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/OpenProjectX>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/OpenProjectX "JSopX™ Enterprise-Level Solution SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Core>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Core "JSopX™ Core SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ML>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ML "JSopX™ ML SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Halos>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Halos "JSopX™ Halos SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebApi>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebApi "JSopX™ WebAPI SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Data>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Data "JSopX™ Data SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Vault>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Vault "JSopX™ Vault SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Presentation>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Presentation "JSopX™ Presentation SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ClassLibrary>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.ClassLibrary "JSopX™ Utilities SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Unitx>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Unitx "JSopX™ Unit Testing SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.SaaS>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.SaaS "JSopX™ SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore "JSopX™ MAUI Titrate SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.HealthTracker>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.HealthTracker "The Original JSopX™ Maui SaaS Project by Mark"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Maui.MPA>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.Maui.MPA "The Original JSopX™ Maui Multi App SaaS Project by Mark"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar "JSopX™ Document Management SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.CRM>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.CRM "JSopX™ Customer Relationship Management SaaS Project"
[`<https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.PLM>`]: https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.PLM "JSopX™ Product Lifecycle Management SaaS Project"
