JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore/p1/v1/Technologies/Vue.md, before:

﻿# Vue

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Vue` v `3.4.21` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Vue`](./Vue.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./React.md) [`Next »`](./Vite.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#vue-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#vue-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#vue-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#vue-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

The JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _require_ `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_). This version of `Vue` offers a progressive framework for building user interfaces and single-page applications with a simple and flexible API. 

Update to this version or newer to ensure smooth development and access to the latest Vue features.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Vue` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Checking Versions

Check if `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Vue` v `3.4.21` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```bash
       npm list vue
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
       vue@3.4.21
     ```
4. **Purpose:** Verifies Vue version.

These commands check the `version` of `Vue` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Vue` Command Line dialog output.
   
If you have version `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Vue installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Vue` v **`3.4.21`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Installation:

Install `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Vue` v `3.4.21` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
     ```node
       // Using npm:
       // Install Vue
       npm install vue@3.4.21
      ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Vue` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Vue` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Vue: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
3. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

4. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

5. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

6. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Vue` vendor site for `Vue`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Vue` vendor site for **`Vue`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Vue`** v **`3.4.21`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Vue Installation](https://vuejs.org/)
2. Read: [Vue Documentation](https://vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Vue`](./Vue.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./React.md) [`Next »`](./Vite.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore/p1/v1/Technologies/Vue.md, after:

﻿# Vue

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Vue` v `3.4.21` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Vue`](./Vue.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./React.md) [`Next »`](./Vite.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#vue-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#vue-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#vue-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#vue-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

The JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _require_ `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_). This version of `Vue` offers a progressive framework for building user interfaces and single-page applications with a simple and flexible API. 

Update to this version or newer to ensure smooth development and access to the latest Vue features.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Vue` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Checking Versions

Check if `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Vue` v `3.4.21` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```bash
       npm list vue
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
       vue@3.4.21
     ```
4. **Purpose:** Verifies Vue version.

These commands check the `version` of `Vue` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Vue` Command Line dialog output.
   
If you have version `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Vue installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Vue` v **`3.4.21`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Installation:

Install `Vue` v **`3.4.21`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Vue` v `3.4.21` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
     ```node
       // Using npm:
       // Install Vue
       npm install vue@3.4.21
      ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Vue` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Vue` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Vue: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
3. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

4. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

5. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

6. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Vue: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Vue` vendor site for `Vue`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Vue` vendor site for **`Vue`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Vue`** v **`3.4.21`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Vue Installation](https://vuejs.org/)
2. Read: [Vue Documentation](https://vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Vue`](./Vue.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./React.md) [`Next »`](./Vite.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
