JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/Vite/CheckingVersions.md, before:

﻿
Check if `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Powershell`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Visual Studio` v `17.11.5` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Powershell`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
   ```powershell
      # Using Powershell:
      # Check Visual Studio version
   
      dotnet --version
    ```
   
2. This command checks the `version` of `Visual Studio` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Powershell` Command Line dialog output.
   
3. If you have version `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Visual Studio installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**Visual Studio**](#visual-studio)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Checking in full DocsX draft set of "Vite" Parent Templates, nested Parent Templates, and Child Includes.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/Vite/CheckingVersions.md, after:

﻿
Check if `Vite` v **`5.2.8`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Vite` v `5.2.8` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `npm`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
   ```node
      // Using npm:
      // Check Vite version
      npm list vite
    ```
   
2. This command checks the `version` of `Vite` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Vite` Command Line dialog output.
   
3. If you have version `Vite` v **`5.2.8`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Vite installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Vite` v **`5.2.8`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**Vite**](#vite)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
