JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX/p1/v1/Technologies/Bootstrap.md, before:

﻿# Bootstrap

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Bootstrap` v `5.3+` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Bootstrap`](./Bootstrap.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Vite.md) [`Next »`](./Powershell.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#bootstrap-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#bootstrap-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#bootstrap-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#bootstrap-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _can use_ `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_), for command-line operations, such as cloning JSopX™ project repositories, initializing JSopX™ projects, and managing their dependencies. 

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Bootstrap` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Bootstrap: Checking Versions

Check if `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Bootstrap` v `5.3+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node` **Command Prompt**, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```Bootstrap
       Bootstrap --version
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
      GNU Bootstrap, version 5.x
     ```
4. **Purpose:** Checks the currently active Bootstrap version.

These commands check the `version` of `Bootstrap` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Node` Command Prompt output.
   
If you have version `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Bootstrap installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## Bootstrap: Installation:

Install `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Bootstrap` v `5.3+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
   ```powershell
    # Using Node:
    # npm i bootstrap@5.3.8
   ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Bootstrap` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Node` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Bootstrap: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.ClassLibrary`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) that houses shared business logic and helper methods.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ClassLibrary)

4. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
5. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

6. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

7. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

8. **`JSopX.AspNetCore`**:
   - An **Asp.NET Core** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore)

9. **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`**:
    - A **.NET MAUI Hyrbid** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) cross-platform applications, for desktop applications, native mobile applications, traditional web, while adopting our standards, API and more, and looking damn good doing it too.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore)

10. **`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`**:
    - A **Blazor Server .NET Core**  [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core Blazor application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore)

11. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

12. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
13. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Bootstrap: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Bootstrap` vendor site for `Bootstrap 5.3.8+`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Bootstrap` vendor site for **`Bootstrap`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Bootstrap`** v **`5.3+`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Bootstrap Installation](https://getbootstrap.com/)
2. Read: [Bootstrap Documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Bootstrap`](./Bootstrap.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Vite.md) [`Next »`](./Powershell.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX/p1/v1/Technologies/Bootstrap.md, after:

﻿# Bootstrap

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Bootstrap` v `5.3+` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Bootstrap`](./Bootstrap.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Vite.md) [`Next »`](./Powershell.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#bootstrap-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#bootstrap-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#bootstrap-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#bootstrap-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _can use_ `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_), for command-line operations, such as cloning JSopX™ project repositories, initializing JSopX™ projects, and managing their dependencies. 

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Bootstrap` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Bootstrap: Checking Versions

Check if `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Bootstrap` v `5.3+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node` **Command Prompt**, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```Bootstrap
       Bootstrap --version
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
      GNU Bootstrap, version 5.x
     ```
4. **Purpose:** Checks the currently active Bootstrap version.

These commands check the `version` of `Bootstrap` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Node` Command Prompt output.
   
If you have version `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Bootstrap installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## Bootstrap: Installation:

Install `Bootstrap` v **`5.3+`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Bootstrap` v `5.3+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
   ```powershell
    # Using Node:
    # npm i bootstrap@5.3.8
   ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Bootstrap` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Node` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Bootstrap: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.ClassLibrary`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) that houses shared business logic and helper methods.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ClassLibrary)

4. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
5. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

6. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

7. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

8. **`JSopX.AspNetCore`**:
   - An **Asp.NET Core** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore)

9. **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`**:
    - A **.NET MAUI Hyrbid** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) cross-platform applications, for desktop applications, native mobile applications, traditional web, while adopting our standards, API and more, and looking damn good doing it too.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore)

10. **`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`**:
    - A **Blazor Server .NET Core**  [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core Blazor application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore)

11. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

12. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
13. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Bootstrap: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Bootstrap` vendor site for `Bootstrap 5.3.8+`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Bootstrap` vendor site for **`Bootstrap`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Bootstrap`** v **`5.3+`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Bootstrap Installation](https://getbootstrap.com/)
2. Read: [Bootstrap Documentation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Bootstrap`](./Bootstrap.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Vite.md) [`Next »`](./Powershell.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
