JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Includes/Content/Template/README/GettingStarted.md, before:

﻿﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section describes a typical cloning operaton. Conversely, to mimic the collective JSopX project architecture takes some extra effort to fully implement "AS-IS".
> 
> **Please ensure that all test all includes on this page before release.**

## Installation

1. **_Clone_ the `JSopX.OpenProjectX` repository**:

    ```powershell
    git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX.git
    ```

2. **_Open_ the solution in `Visual Studio`**:

    - **Open** `JSopX.OpenProjectX.sln` in Visual Studio 2022 or higher.

3. **_Build_ the `project`**:

    - **Right-click** on the solution in `Solution Explorer` and select `Build Solution`.


## JSopX.OpenProjectX : Project References

What makes the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project—and the entire JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences collection—so versatile, even as an enterprise-level suite, is each project's ability to include and reuse '_Project References_.' These references are shared resources that enhance collaboration and efficiency across projects.

The _Project References_ included in the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project are the complete set of all projects. They are as follows:

1.  **JSopX.OpenProjectX**:  
    The central or parent project that oversees and coordinates the various subprojects within the JSopX™ suite. It could serve as the main entry point or orchestration layer for the entire solution.
      
2.  **[`JSopX.ClassLibrary`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ClassLibrary/Master/p1/v1/)**:    
    This project focuses on managing static assets and their distribution across the different client-side and server-side applications. It ensures a clean separation of concerns, particularly around asset management.
      
3.  **[`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A shared library project containing reusable logic, utilities, or components that can be referenced by other projects. This is where you might place common business logic or helper functions.
      
4.  **[`JSopX.WebAPI`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A project dedicated to building RESTful APIs for the JSopX™ ecosystem. It provides endpoints for various data services and might serve as the backend for client applications.
      
5.  **[`JSopX.SharedResources`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.SharedResources/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A traditional central repository for shared resources such as images, fonts, scripts, and localized strings. This project ensures that all other projects have consistent access to these resources in the initial phases of development, supporting both client-side applications and the server-side.
      
6.  **[`JSopX.RCLxProper`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A production-ready, lightweight Razor Class Library project that includes properly structured Razor components, pages, views, and more! These elements can be shared across different Blazor and Razor-based applications.
      
7.  **[`JSopX.RCLxAssets`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxAssets/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    The successor to `JSopX.SharedResources`, incorporating more modern approaches as a Razor Class Library dedicated to managing static assets like CSS, JavaScript, and other resources. It efficiently bundles and serves these assets across projects.
      
8.  **[`JSopX.RCLxProper`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    Another Razor Class Library focused on reusable UI components. These components can be utilized in various Blazor and ASP.NET Core applications to maintain consistency in the UI.
      
9.  **[`JSopX.AngularCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AngularCore/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    A client-side project built with Angular. This project likely focuses on creating dynamic, single-page applications with Angular, integrating seamlessly with the server-side and shared resources.
      
10. **[`JSopX.ReactCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ReactCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A client-side project built with React. Similar to AngularCore, it is used to create dynamic, component-based single-page applications.
      
11. **[`JSopX.VueCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.VueCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A client-side project built with Vue.js, used for creating reactive, component-driven single-page applications.
      
12. **[`JSopX.AspNetCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AspNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:   
    A server-side project that resembles the client-side apps, serving as the backend infrastructure for the JSopX™ ecosystem, likely handling routing, authentication, and serving APIs or pages.
      
13. **[`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    A project for creating server-side Blazor applications. This project could be focused on building interactive web UIs with Blazor's server-side rendering capabilities.
      
14. **[`JSopX.NetCoreMauiHybrid`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.NetCoreMauiHybrid/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A project for building cross-platform applications using .NET MAUI with a hybrid approach, possibly combining native and web-based technologies for a flexible, cross-platform experience.


## JSopX.OpenProjectX : Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project requires several technologies installed to work as expected.

[`JSopX`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) [`Bootstrap`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`HTML`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`CSS`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`JS`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`TypeScript`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`Visual Studio`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/VisualStudio.md) [`Asp.NET Core`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md) [`.NET Framework SDK`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md) [`C#`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)  » 
[`All Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies.md)  »  [`All Project Repositories`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Updated the "lease ensure that all test all includes on this page before release." warning which makes no sense, by changing it to something that does, while including a link off to the primary OpenProjectX project. I did this anywhere I found it in all DocsX and Docs files.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Includes/Content/Template/README/GettingStarted.md, after:

﻿﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section describes a typical cloning operaton. Conversely, to mimic the collective JSopX project architecture takes some extra effort to fully implement "AS-IS".
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**

## Installation

1. **_Clone_ the `JSopX.OpenProjectX` repository**:

    ```powershell
    git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX.git
    ```

2. **_Open_ the solution in `Visual Studio`**:

    - **Open** `JSopX.OpenProjectX.sln` in Visual Studio 2022 or higher.

3. **_Build_ the `project`**:

    - **Right-click** on the solution in `Solution Explorer` and select `Build Solution`.


## JSopX.OpenProjectX : Project References

What makes the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project—and the entire JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences collection—so versatile, even as an enterprise-level suite, is each project's ability to include and reuse '_Project References_.' These references are shared resources that enhance collaboration and efficiency across projects.

The _Project References_ included in the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project are the complete set of all projects. They are as follows:

1.  **JSopX.OpenProjectX**:  
    The central or parent project that oversees and coordinates the various subprojects within the JSopX™ suite. It could serve as the main entry point or orchestration layer for the entire solution.
      
2.  **[`JSopX.ClassLibrary`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ClassLibrary/Master/p1/v1/)**:    
    This project focuses on managing static assets and their distribution across the different client-side and server-side applications. It ensures a clean separation of concerns, particularly around asset management.
      
3.  **[`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A shared library project containing reusable logic, utilities, or components that can be referenced by other projects. This is where you might place common business logic or helper functions.
      
4.  **[`JSopX.WebAPI`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A project dedicated to building RESTful APIs for the JSopX™ ecosystem. It provides endpoints for various data services and might serve as the backend for client applications.
      
5.  **[`JSopX.SharedResources`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.SharedResources/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A traditional central repository for shared resources such as images, fonts, scripts, and localized strings. This project ensures that all other projects have consistent access to these resources in the initial phases of development, supporting both client-side applications and the server-side.
      
6.  **[`JSopX.RCLxProper`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)**:
    A production-ready, lightweight Razor Class Library project that includes properly structured Razor components, pages, views, and more! These elements can be shared across different Blazor and Razor-based applications.
      
7.  **[`JSopX.RCLxAssets`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxAssets/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    The successor to `JSopX.SharedResources`, incorporating more modern approaches as a Razor Class Library dedicated to managing static assets like CSS, JavaScript, and other resources. It efficiently bundles and serves these assets across projects.
      
8.  **[`JSopX.RCLxProper`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    Another Razor Class Library focused on reusable UI components. These components can be utilized in various Blazor and ASP.NET Core applications to maintain consistency in the UI.
      
9.  **[`JSopX.AngularCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AngularCore/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    A client-side project built with Angular. This project likely focuses on creating dynamic, single-page applications with Angular, integrating seamlessly with the server-side and shared resources.
      
10. **[`JSopX.ReactCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ReactCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A client-side project built with React. Similar to AngularCore, it is used to create dynamic, component-based single-page applications.
      
11. **[`JSopX.VueCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.VueCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A client-side project built with Vue.js, used for creating reactive, component-driven single-page applications.
      
12. **[`JSopX.AspNetCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AspNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)**:   
    A server-side project that resembles the client-side apps, serving as the backend infrastructure for the JSopX™ ecosystem, likely handling routing, authentication, and serving APIs or pages.
      
13. **[`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/Master/p1/v1/)**: 
    A project for creating server-side Blazor applications. This project could be focused on building interactive web UIs with Blazor's server-side rendering capabilities.
      
14. **[`JSopX.NetCoreMauiHybrid`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.NetCoreMauiHybrid/Master/p1/v1/)**:  
    A project for building cross-platform applications using .NET MAUI with a hybrid approach, possibly combining native and web-based technologies for a flexible, cross-platform experience.


## JSopX.OpenProjectX : Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project requires several technologies installed to work as expected.

[`JSopX`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) [`Bootstrap`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`HTML`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`CSS`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`JS`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`TypeScript`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/CommonTechnologiesIncluded.md) [`Visual Studio`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/VisualStudio.md) [`Asp.NET Core`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md) [`.NET Framework SDK`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md) [`C#`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)  » 
[`All Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/Technologies.md)  »  [`All Project Repositories`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)
