JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources/p1/v1/Technologies/npm.md, before:

﻿# npm

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`npm` v `10.8.1` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`npm`](./npm.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Node.md) [`Next »`](./AngularCli.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#npm-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#npm-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#npm-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#npm-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

The JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _require_ `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) is essential to manage the packages and dependencies in JSopX™ projects that use technologies, such as, Angular, Node, React, etc.

This version of `npm` ensures compatibility with the latest libraries and tools used across different projects, simplifying dependency management and project setup.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `npm` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Checking Versions

Check if `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `npm` v `10.8.1` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```bash
       npm -v
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
    ```
     10.8.1
    ```
4. **Purpose:** Verifies npm version.

These commands check the `version` of `npm` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `npm` Command Line dialog output.
   
If you have version `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have npm installed or you version is **`lower`** than `npm` v **`10.8.1`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Installation:

Install `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `npm` v `10.8.1` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
    ```node
      // Install npm (via nvm)
      npm install -g npm@10.8.1
    ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `npm` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `npm` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **npm: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
4. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

5. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

6. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

7. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

8. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
9. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `npm` vendor site for `npm`.
> 

---

Visit the official `npm` vendor site for **`npm`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`npm`** v **`10.8.1`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual npm Installation](https://www.npmjs.com/)
2. Read: [npm Documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`npm`](./npm.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Node.md) [`Next »`](./AngularCli.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources/p1/v1/Technologies/npm.md, after:

﻿# npm

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`npm` v `10.8.1` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`npm`](./npm.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Node.md) [`Next »`](./AngularCli.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#npm-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#npm-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#npm-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#npm-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  

The JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _require_ `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) is essential to manage the packages and dependencies in JSopX™ projects that use technologies, such as, Angular, Node, React, etc.

This version of `npm` ensures compatibility with the latest libraries and tools used across different projects, simplifying dependency management and project setup.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `npm` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Checking Versions

Check if `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `npm` v `10.8.1` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
     ```bash
       npm -v
     ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
    ```
     10.8.1
    ```
4. **Purpose:** Verifies npm version.

These commands check the `version` of `npm` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `npm` Command Line dialog output.
   
If you have version `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have npm installed or you version is **`lower`** than `npm` v **`10.8.1`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Installation:

Install `npm` v **`10.8.1`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `npm` v `10.8.1` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
    ```node
      // Install npm (via nvm)
      npm install -g npm@10.8.1
    ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `npm` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `npm` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **npm: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
4. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

5. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

6. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

7. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

8. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
9. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## npm: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `npm` vendor site for `npm`.
> 

---

Visit the official `npm` vendor site for **`npm`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`npm`** v **`10.8.1`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual npm Installation](https://www.npmjs.com/)
2. Read: [npm Documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/)

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`npm`](./npm.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Node.md) [`Next »`](./AngularCli.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
