JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources/p1/v1/Technologies/TechTemplate.md, before:

# Powershell

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Powershell` v `7.x+` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Powershell`](./Powershell.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Bash.md) [`Next »`](./VisualStudio.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#powershell-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#powershell-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#powershell-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#powershell-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  


> [!TIP]
> If you already installed [Visual Studio](./VisualStudio.md) (you should have) the latest version of Powershell is included!

---

All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _can use_ `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_), and is essential for Windows-based command-line operations, offering powerful scripting capabilities.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Powershell` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Checking Versions

Check if `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Powershell` v `7.x+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node` **Command Prompt**, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
    ```powershell
     $PSVersionTable.PSVersion
    ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
      Major  Minor  Patch
      -----  -----  -----
      7      x      x
     ```

4. **Purpose:** Checks the currently active Powershell version.

These commands check the `version` of `Powershell` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Node` Command Prompt output.
   
If you have version `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Powershell installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Powershell` v **`7.x+`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Installation:

Install `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Powershell` v `7.x+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
   ```powershell
    # Using Node:
    # Install Asp.NET SDK 9.0
    winget install Microsoft.DotNet.SDK.9
   ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Powershell` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Node` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Powershell: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.ClassLibrary`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) that houses shared business logic and helper methods.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ClassLibrary)

4. **`JSopX.WebAPI`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) which acts as the centrialized **Web API**, used by all projects that access data endpoints in the application.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.WebAPI](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.WebAPI)
 
5. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
6. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

7. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

8. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

9. **`JSopX.AspNetCore`**:
   - An **Asp.NET Core** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore)

10. **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`**:
    - A **.NET MAUI Hyrbid** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) cross-platform applications, for desktop applications, native mobile applications, traditional web, while adopting our standards, API and more, and looking damn good doing it too.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore)

11. **`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`**:
    - A **Blazor Server .NET Core**  [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core Blazor application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore)

12. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

13. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
14. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Microsoft` vendor site for `Powershell`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Microsoft` vendor site for **`Powershell`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Powershell`** v **`7.x+`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Powershell Installation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell?view=powershell-7.5)
2. Read: [Powershell Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **NEW!** Check All Required Technologies

> [!TIP]  
> **NEW!** A dedicated section is now available to check all JSopX™ technology requirements at once.  

---

The **JSopX™** suite is an **Enterprise Application**, integrating numerous technologies and features.  


### **1. Check by Command Table**  

If you prefer using a **command prompt** (`cmd`, `PowerShell`, or `Terminal`), I’ve consolidated all required **technologies, versions, and check commands** into a structured **Command Table** for quick reference.  

[`🔹 Check via Command Table`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#1-checking-all-technology-versions-check-command-table)

---

### **2. Check Back-to-Back (Step-by-Step)**  

For a **detailed, step-by-step checklist** approach, this option guides you through verifying all required technologies sequentially.  

[`🔹 Check Back-to-Back`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#2-check-technology-versions-step-by-step)

---

### **3. Check Using Automated Scripts**  

For convenience, you can check all technology versions **automatically** using sample scripts in `Bash`, `PowerShell`, and `Node.js`.  

[`🔹 Check via Automated Scripts`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#3-check-all-technology-versions-using-automated-scripts)


---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Powershell`](./Powershell.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Bash.md) [`Next »`](./VisualStudio.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources/p1/v1/Technologies/TechTemplate.md, after:

# Powershell

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

**`Powershell` v `7.x+` is `Required`**

---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Powershell`](./Powershell.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](./Bash.md) [`Next »`](./VisualStudio.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ Project Dependencies](#powershell-jsopx-project-dependencies)
- [Check Versions](#powershell-checking-versions)
- [Installation](#powershell-installation)
- [Downloads & Documentation](#powershell-official-downloads--documentation)

---

## **Overview**  


> [!TIP]
> If you already installed [Visual Studio](./VisualStudio.md) (you should have) the latest version of Powershell is included!

---

All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences _can use_ `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_), and is essential for Windows-based command-line operations, offering powerful scripting capabilities.

This section is dedicated to helping you ensure you have the correct `Powershell` setup, by describing how to check versions, perform installations if necessary, check JSopX™ dependencies, get links to official documentation, and more!

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Checking Versions

Check if `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Node`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Powershell` v `7.x+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node` **Command Prompt**, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
2. **Node Command:**
    ```powershell
     $PSVersionTable.PSVersion
    ```
3. **Expected Output:** 
     ```
      Major  Minor  Patch
      -----  -----  -----
      7      x      x
     ```

4. **Purpose:** Checks the currently active Powershell version.

These commands check the `version` of `Powershell` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Node` Command Prompt output.
   
If you have version `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Powershell installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Powershell` v **`7.x+`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Installation:

Install `Powershell` v **`7.x+`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Node`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Powershell` v `7.x+` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Node`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

2. **Node Command:**
   ```powershell
    # Using Node:
    # Install Asp.NET SDK 9.0
    winget install Microsoft.DotNet.SDK.9
   ```
    
3. This command should _install_ all necessary `Powershell` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Node` Command Line dialog output.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Powershell: `JSopX.` Project Dependencies**

`JSopX` projects leverages shared resources and code from other projects within the JSopX™ ecosystem. This ensures modularity, maintainability, and scalability. 

1. **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`**:
   - The [Flagship Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#1-flagship-projects) parent enterprise application solution.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.OpenProjectX)

2. **`JSopX.BridgeTooFar`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets and project documentation.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar)

3. **`JSopX.ClassLibrary`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) that houses shared business logic and helper methods.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ClassLibrary)

4. **`JSopX.WebAPI`**:
   - A [Shared Data, Service & Function Project](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#3-shared-data-service--function-projects) which acts as the centrialized **Web API**, used by all projects that access data endpoints in the application.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.WebAPI](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.WebAPI)
 
5. **`JSopX.SharedResources`**:
   - A [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) that contains reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source one would want in a development sand box environment, while using a more traditional approach to **Class Libraries**.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.SharedResources)
 
6. **`JSopX.RCLxAssets`**:
   - The direct [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) successor of `JSopX.SharedResources` that contains most of the same reusable static assets, docs, code, and all the source, but now instead uses a more modern **Razor Class Library**. 
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxAssets)

7. **`JSopX.RCLxProper`**:
   - An extremely light-weight, [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) version of the `JSopX.Assets` Razor Class Library, specifically designed for Production-Ready environments.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper)

8. **`JSopX.RCLxComponents`**:
   - Although there is not much traction is the project as of yet, don't let it fool you. This epic [Shared Assets & Resources Projects](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#2-shared-assets--resources-projects) Razor Class Library, Combines Razor components with **.NET MAUI** to create cross-platform applications.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.RCLxComponents](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxComponents)

9. **`JSopX.AspNetCore`**:
   - An **Asp.NET Core** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
   - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore)

10. **`JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore`**:
    - A **.NET MAUI Hyrbid** [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) cross-platform applications, for desktop applications, native mobile applications, traditional web, while adopting our standards, API and more, and looking damn good doing it too.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore)

11. **`JSopX.BlazorServerCore`**:
    - A **Blazor Server .NET Core**  [Server-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#4-server-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Asp.NET Core Blazor application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore)

12. **`JSopX.AngularCore`**:
    - An **Angular Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing Angular Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore)

13. **`JSopX.ReactCore`**:
    - A **React Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) project, created to simulate an existing React Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore)
  
14. **`JSopX.VueCore`**:
    - A **Vue Core** [Client-Side “Existing” Apps Examples](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md#5-client-side-existing-apps-examples) created to simulate an existing Vue Core application we are now tasked with migrating into our enterprise application, adopting our standards, API and more.
    - **Explore GitHub**: [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore)
  
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Powershell: Official Downloads & Documentation

> [!WARNING]
> Clicking links in this section will send you to the official `Microsoft` vendor site for `Powershell`.
> 

---

Visit the official `Microsoft` vendor site for **`Powershell`** if:

1. You are having trouble with installs
2. You would rather manually install **`Powershell`** v **`7.x+`**
3. You prefer some official vendor documentation first
   
#### Step-by-Step Instructions:
   
1. Download: [Manual Powershell Installation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell?view=powershell-7.5)
2. Read: [Powershell Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **NEW!** Check All Required Technologies

> [!TIP]  
> **NEW!** A dedicated section is now available to check all JSopX™ technology requirements at once.  

---

The **JSopX™** suite is an **Enterprise Application**, integrating numerous technologies and features.  


### **1. Check by Command Table**  

If you prefer using a **command prompt** (`cmd`, `PowerShell`, or `Terminal`), I’ve consolidated all required **technologies, versions, and check commands** into a structured **Command Table** for quick reference.  

[`🔹 Check via Command Table`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#1-checking-all-technology-versions-check-command-table)

---

### **2. Check Back-to-Back (Step-by-Step)**  

For a **detailed, step-by-step checklist** approach, this option guides you through verifying all required technologies sequentially.  

[`🔹 Check Back-to-Back`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#2-check-technology-versions-step-by-step)

---

### **3. Check Using Automated Scripts**  

For convenience, you can check all technology versions **automatically** using sample scripts in `Bash`, `PowerShell`, and `Node.js`.  

[`🔹 Check via Automated Scripts`](./CheckingAllJSopxTechnologyRequirements.md#3-check-all-technology-versions-using-automated-scripts)


---

[`Home`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/) »  [`Technologies`](./ReadMe.md) » **[`Powershell`](./Powershell.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Bash.md) [`Next »`](./VisualStudio.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
