JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/BasicMarkdownPage.md, before:

﻿


# ﻿JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences : Basic Mark down Page Template and Template Content (Draft)
From the ﻿jSilvestri.com BETA v 2024 JSopX Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects







  
> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate**. In fact, drafts will often times be for different reasons, such as testing styles, content, etc. The content itself may have only been used as a placeholder, making sections, or even the entire document contain information not relative to this project.


## Overview

﻿

This guide is an attempt at adding some clarity to reusing Markdown using includes. 



  
> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Corequisites](#corequisites)
4. [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
5. [Concomitants](#concomitants)
6. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
7. [Step-by-Step Instructions](#step-by-step-instructions)
   1. [Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template](#step-1-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template)
   2. [Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes](#step-2-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-content-includes)
   3. [Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes](#step-3-double-check-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-for-all-includes)
7. [Usage](#usage)
8. [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites

﻿

- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿

- Ensure we can have a markdown readme like the parent markdown we are in now, and add markdown includes from the child, to see if GitHub supports includes in a way that we need them to.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿

- Clean and rebuild each project markdown after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿

- As you see more projects being created, pay close attention to the instructions for Git SubTree and Visual Studio Project References. Special considerations had to be made to ensure all projects can be cloned in an `all-in-one` project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Getting Started

﻿

> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **Please ensure that all test all includes on this page before release.**


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Step-by-Step Instructions

﻿

### Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template
1. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` markdown file**, save it to `Templates`, so we can use it to embed include test markdowns into it.

### Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes
2. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` directory**, under `Includes/Content/Template`, and create as many static markdown sections needed for this sample.

### Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes
1. After adding all `include` blocks in the template, double-check all resources and be sure they exist. 
   
2. If this was done correctly, you should see content added to the live Docs folder.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Usage

﻿

> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **Please ensure that all test all includes on this page before release.**


## In Conclusion

﻿

By centralizing project documents with this approach to mark down will be very helpful. 


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated the "lease ensure that all test all includes on this page before release." warning which makes no sense, by changing it to something that does, while including a link off to the primary OpenProjectX project. I did this anywhere I found it in all DocsX and Docs files.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/BasicMarkdownPage.md, after:

﻿


# ﻿JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences : Basic Mark down Page Template and Template Content (Draft)
From the ﻿jSilvestri.com BETA v 2024 JSopX Open Project EXperiences Collection of Projects







  
> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate**. In fact, drafts will often times be for different reasons, such as testing styles, content, etc. The content itself may have only been used as a placeholder, making sections, or even the entire document contain information not relative to this project.


## Overview

﻿

This guide is an attempt at adding some clarity to reusing Markdown using includes. 



  
> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Corequisites](#corequisites)
4. [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
5. [Concomitants](#concomitants)
6. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
7. [Step-by-Step Instructions](#step-by-step-instructions)
   1. [Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template](#step-1-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template)
   2. [Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes](#step-2-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-content-includes)
   3. [Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes](#step-3-double-check-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-for-all-includes)
7. [Usage](#usage)
8. [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites

﻿

- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿

- Ensure we can have a markdown readme like the parent markdown we are in now, and add markdown includes from the child, to see if GitHub supports includes in a way that we need them to.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿

- Clean and rebuild each project markdown after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿

- As you see more projects being created, pay close attention to the instructions for Git SubTree and Visual Studio Project References. Special considerations had to be made to ensure all projects can be cloned in an `all-in-one` project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Getting Started

﻿

> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Step-by-Step Instructions

﻿

### Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template
1. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` markdown file**, save it to `Templates`, so we can use it to embed include test markdowns into it.

### Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes
2. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` directory**, under `Includes/Content/Template`, and create as many static markdown sections needed for this sample.

### Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes
1. After adding all `include` blocks in the template, double-check all resources and be sure they exist. 
   
2. If this was done correctly, you should see content added to the live Docs folder.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Usage

﻿

> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**


## In Conclusion

﻿

By centralizing project documents with this approach to mark down will be very helpful. 


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
