JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/OpenProjects.md, before:

﻿
# JSopX™ Open Projects

From the ﻿jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection


> [!WARNING]
> The **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** (_JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection_) Project requires **over a dozen** technologies in order for all projects and features currently available to work as expected. Please try your best to do your do-dillagence in ensuring your technologies stacks are installed and up-to-date.
This section is to help in that area.




> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.




### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure you are pro-active in at least your own checklist of action items if you do not plan to follow the phases of development. Even setting up Jira, DevOps, or some basic ticket system is better than nothing.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure all changes are working as expected before starting a new phase.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You may need to update Git configurations to handle dependencies between projects. As they app grows, there will be updates to repositories and projects over all that require certain configurations you may or may not be familar with, such as using Git submodules or Git subtree, to ensure all projects can be cloned in an all-in-one project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

# All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences

﻿
## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ClassLibrary/Master/p1/v1/)    
- [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.WebAPI](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.SharedResources/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxAssets/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxComponents/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AngularCore/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ReactCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.VueCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AspNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)   
- [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

## JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project requires several technologies installed to work as expected.

[`See JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)


## In Conclusion

﻿
This Open Project EXperiences List may grow, including better breakdowns of business requirements, documentation, etc.


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Altered existing alerts and created new documentation describing more common alerts to look for.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/OpenProjects.md, after:

﻿
# JSopX™ Open Projects

From the ﻿jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection


> [!WARNING]
> The **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** (_JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection_) Project requires **over a dozen** technologies in order for all projects and features currently available to work as expected. Please try your best to do your do-dillagence in ensuring your technologies stacks are installed and up-to-date.
This section is to help in that area.





> [!CAUTION]
> **CURRENT PHASE: Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being (_and this is by design_). No other **Phases** are treated this way.
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.






### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure you are pro-active in at least your own checklist of action items if you do not plan to follow the phases of development. Even setting up Jira, DevOps, or some basic ticket system is better than nothing.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure all changes are working as expected before starting a new phase.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You may need to update Git configurations to handle dependencies between projects. As they app grows, there will be updates to repositories and projects over all that require certain configurations you may or may not be familar with, such as using Git submodules or Git subtree, to ensure all projects can be cloned in an all-in-one project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

# All JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences

﻿
## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.OpenProjectX/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.ClassLibrary](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ClassLibrary/Master/p1/v1/)    
- [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.WebAPI](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.SharedResources](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.SharedResources/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxProper/Master/p1/v1/)
- [JSopX.RCLxAssets](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxAssets/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.RCLxProper](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.RCLxComponents/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.AngularCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AngularCore/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.ReactCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.ReactCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.VueCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.VueCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [JSopX.AspNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.AspNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)   
- [JSopX.BlazorServerCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/Master/p1/v1/) 
- [JSopX.MauiHybridNetCore](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/Master/p1/v1/)  
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

## JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Technology Requirements

Don't forget that the **`JSopX.OpenProjectX`** Project requires several technologies installed to work as expected.

[`See JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Technology Requirements`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [`Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)


## In Conclusion

﻿
This Open Project EXperiences List may grow, including better breakdowns of business requirements, documentation, etc.


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
