JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases.md, before:

﻿
# JSopX™ Project Development Phases

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

# Table of Contents
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Corequisites](#corequisites)
  - [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
  - [Concomitants](#concomitants)
  - [All Project Development Phases](#all-project-development-phases)
	- [Phase 1 Minimum Viable Product MVP](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
	- [Phase 2 Minimum Viable Refactor Product MVRP](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
	- [Phase 3 Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
	- [Phase 4 Implement Final Security Protocols Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)
﻿
I will be following a basic set of phases as I develop all JSopX Projects, so we can ensure unique documentation to each project for each phase that outlines at least a basic outline. Conversely, you do not need to use Phases in your approach to development and if you do, I am sure they are different. This is totally fine. In the case of Phases, think more about the importance of each phase, and less about a step-by-step phase lifecycle you need to follow in order.




> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.




### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure you are pro-active in at least your own checklist of action items if you do not plan to follow the phases of development. Even setting up Jira, DevOps, or some basic ticket system is better than nothing.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure all changes are working as expected before starting a new phase.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You may need to update Git configurations to handle dependencies between projects. As they app grows, there will be updates to repositories and projects over all that require certain configurations you may or may not be familar with, such as using Git submodules or Git subtree, to ensure all projects can be cloned in an all-in-one project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

# All Project Development Phases

﻿
I will be following a basic set of phases as I develop all JSopX Projects. 

## Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 1 is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders need some form of proof-of-concept at the soonest possible. 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


## Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 2 is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-2-Minimum-Viable-Refactor-Product-MVRP.md) for more details.


## Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 3 is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-3-Advanced-User-Interface-Connectivity-and-Re-Usability.md) for more details.


## Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 4 is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-4-Implement-Final-Security-Protocols-Deployment-Strategies-and-More.md) for more details.





[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## In Conclusion

﻿
These Phases will undoutably grow, include better breakdowns of business requirements, etc.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Altered existing alerts and created new documentation describing more common alerts to look for.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases.md, after:

﻿
# JSopX™ Project Development Phases

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

# Table of Contents
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Corequisites](#corequisites)
  - [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
  - [Concomitants](#concomitants)
  - [All Project Development Phases](#all-project-development-phases)
	- [Phase 1 Minimum Viable Product MVP](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
	- [Phase 2 Minimum Viable Refactor Product MVRP](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
	- [Phase 3 Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
	- [Phase 4 Implement Final Security Protocols Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)
﻿
I will be following a basic set of phases as I develop all JSopX Projects, so we can ensure unique documentation to each project for each phase that outlines at least a basic outline. Conversely, you do not need to use Phases in your approach to development and if you do, I am sure they are different. This is totally fine. In the case of Phases, think more about the importance of each phase, and less about a step-by-step phase lifecycle you need to follow in order.





> [!CAUTION]
> **CURRENT PHASE: Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being (_and this is by design_). No other **Phases** are treated this way.
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.






### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.targets` file structures.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure you are pro-active in at least your own checklist of action items if you do not plan to follow the phases of development. Even setting up Jira, DevOps, or some basic ticket system is better than nothing.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project after making changes to ensure all changes are working as expected before starting a new phase.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You may need to update Git configurations to handle dependencies between projects. As they app grows, there will be updates to repositories and projects over all that require certain configurations you may or may not be familar with, such as using Git submodules or Git subtree, to ensure all projects can be cloned in an all-in-one project (e.g., `JSopX.OpenProjectX`) or by independent project isolation for a unique educational user experience not common in most projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

# All Project Development Phases

﻿
I will be following a basic set of phases as I develop all JSopX Projects. 

## Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 1 is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders need some form of proof-of-concept at the soonest possible. 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


## Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 2 is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-2-Minimum-Viable-Refactor-Product-MVRP.md) for more details.


## Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 3 is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-3-Advanced-User-Interface-Connectivity-and-Re-Usability.md) for more details.


## Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More

The purpose of Project Development Steps in Phase 4 is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-4-Implement-Final-Security-Protocols-Deployment-Strategies-and-More.md) for more details.





[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## In Conclusion

﻿
These Phases will undoutably grow, include better breakdowns of business requirements, etc.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
