JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectManagement.md, before:

# JSopX™ Visual Studio Project Management

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll gain insights into how each Visual Studio project is managed within fits into the larger JSopX™ ecosystem, contributing to a unified, scalable, and maintainable enterprise-level application suite.

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [**`JSopX™ Projects`**](../OpenProjects/)  · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md) [`Next »`](../Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [How We Currently Handle Visual Studio Project Management](#how-we-currently-handle-visual-studio-project-management)
- [What Are Some Alternative Visual Studio Project Management Options](#what-are-some-alternative-visual-studio-project-management-options)

---

## **Overview**  

The Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Visual Studio Projects collectively form the backbone of the entire suite, each project serving a distinct yet complementary role. 

By aligning varied frameworks—ranging from [ASP.NET Core](../OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore/README.md) to [Angular](../OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore/README.md), [Vue](../OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore/README.md), [React](../OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore/README.md), [Blazor](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/README.md), [MAUI](../OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/README.md) and more, all using the same [Web API](../OpenProjects/jsopx.WebAPI/README.md), [assets](../OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper/README.md), [documentation](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md), and [standards](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md)—these projects create a consistent development landscape where code can be shared, extended, and integrated seamlessly, bridging-of-the-critical-gap, between front-end dynamism and back-end security.  

The result is an environment that transforms a patchwork of independent solutions into a cohesive enterprise ecosystem, making collaboration smoother and long-term maintenance more manageable. As you delve deeper, however, how Visual Studio projects are managed in the overall enterprise solution is somewhat unique, due to the business requirements on the GitHub repositories. 

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## How We Currently Handle Visual Studio Project Management

We do current have an approach with how we handle Visual Studio project and solution creation. 

See, [JSopX Visual Studio Project Management using GitHub, Git Subtrees & Visual Studio Dynamic Reference Targeting](../GitHub/JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md) for details.

---

## What Are Some Alternative Visual Studio Project Management Options?

There has been some brainstorming, but nothing I want to introduce into all phases of the first versions of projects are completed.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Adding Visual Studio Solutions to a Parent Solution

In Visual Studio (e.g., v17.14.19), you can't directly add one `.sln` file to another, but you can include projects from sub-solutions into a parent solution like `OpenProjectX.sln`. Below are the best approaches, considering a folder structure where each solution has its own parent folder and projects live in subfolders (e.g., `JSopX.WebAPI/JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`).

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 1: Add Existing Projects to the Parent Solution
Manually add `.csproj` files from sub-solutions to the parent solution.

### Steps
1. Open `OpenProjectX.sln` in Visual Studio.
2. Right-click Solution > **Add** > **Existing Project**.
3. Select project files:
   - `JSopX.WebAPI/JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`
   - `JSopX.AngularCore/jsopx.angularcore.client/jsopx.angularcore.client.esproj`
   - `JSopX.AngularCore/JSopX.AngularCore.Server/JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj`
4. Save the solution.

### Pros
- Simple and maintains folder structure.
- Avoids circular references if dependencies are managed.

### Example Structure
```
OpenProjectX/
├── OpenProjectX.sln
JSopX.WebAPI/
├── JSopX.WebAPI.sln
├── JSopX.WebAPI/
│   ├── JSopX.WebAPI.csproj
JSopX.AngularCore/
├── JSopX.AngularCore.sln
├── jsopx.angularcore.client/
│   ├── jsopx.angularcore.client.esproj
├── JSopX.AngularCore.Server/
│   ├── JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj
```


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 2: Multi-Solution Management with Filters
Add all projects to `OpenProjectX.sln` and use solution filters (`.slnf`) for flexibility.

### Steps
1. Add all `.csproj` files to `OpenProjectX.sln` as in Option 1.
2. Right-click Solution > **Save As Solution Filter** to create:
   - `OpenProjectX-WebAPI.slnf` (loads only `JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`)
   - `OpenProjectX-AngularCore.slnf` (loads Angular projects)
3. Use original `.sln` files for standalone work.

### Pros
- Scales well for large solutions.
- Keeps sub-solutions independent.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 3: Edit `.sln` File Manually (Advanced)
Directly edit `OpenProjectX.sln` to reference projects.

### Example `.sln` Edit
```
Project("{FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC}") = "JSopX.WebAPI", "..\JSopX.WebAPI\JSopX.WebAPI\JSopX.WebAPI.csproj", "{GUID1}"
EndProject
Project("{FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC}") = "JSopX.AngularCore.Server", "..\JSopX.AngularCore\JSopX.AngularCore.Server\JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj", "{GUID2}"
EndProject
```
- Replace `{GUID1}`, `{GUID2}` with unique GUIDs.
- Paths are relative to `OpenProjectX.sln`.

### Pros
- Scriptable for automation (e.g., GitHub subtrees).

## Recommendation
Use **Option 1** for simplicity and compatibility with GitHub subtrees. Ensure dependencies are unidirectional to avoid circular references.

### Tips
- Keep `.sln` in parent folders and `.csproj` in subfolders (your current setup).
- Use project references, not solution references, for dependency management.

---
 
 [`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [**`JSopX™ Projects`**](../OpenProjects/)  · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md) [`Next »`](../Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxProjectManagement.md, after:

# JSopX™ Visual Studio Project Management

**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll gain insights into how each Visual Studio project is managed within fits into the larger JSopX™ ecosystem, contributing to a unified, scalable, and maintainable enterprise-level application suite.

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [**`JSopX™ Projects`**](../OpenProjects/)  · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md) [`Next »`](../Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [How We Currently Handle Visual Studio Project Management](#how-we-currently-handle-visual-studio-project-management)
- [What Are Some Alternative Visual Studio Project Management Options](#what-are-some-alternative-visual-studio-project-management-options)

---

## **Overview**  

The Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Visual Studio Projects collectively form the backbone of the entire suite, each project serving a distinct yet complementary role. 

By aligning varied frameworks—ranging from [ASP.NET Core](../OpenProjects/jsopx.AspNetCore/README.md) to [Angular](../OpenProjects/jsopx.AngularCore/README.md), [Vue](../OpenProjects/jsopx.VueCore/README.md), [React](../OpenProjects/jsopx.ReactCore/README.md), [Blazor](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BlazorServerCore/README.md), [MAUI](../OpenProjects/jsopx.MauiHybridNetCore/README.md) and more, all using the same [Web API](../OpenProjects/jsopx.WebAPI/README.md), [assets](../OpenProjects/jsopx.RCLxProper/README.md), [documentation](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md), and [standards](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md)—these projects create a consistent development landscape where code can be shared, extended, and integrated seamlessly, bridging-of-the-critical-gap, between front-end dynamism and back-end security.  

The result is an environment that transforms a patchwork of independent solutions into a cohesive enterprise ecosystem, making collaboration smoother and long-term maintenance more manageable. As you delve deeper, however, how Visual Studio projects are managed in the overall enterprise solution is somewhat unique, due to the business requirements on the GitHub repositories. 

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## How We Currently Handle Visual Studio Project Management

We do current have an approach with how we handle Visual Studio project and solution creation. 

See, [JSopX Visual Studio Project Management using GitHub, Git Subtrees & Visual Studio Dynamic Reference Targeting](../GitHub/JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md) for details.

---

## What Are Some Alternative Visual Studio Project Management Options?

There has been some brainstorming, but nothing I want to introduce into all phases of the first versions of projects are completed.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Adding Visual Studio Solutions to a Parent Solution

In Visual Studio (e.g., v17.14.19), you can't directly add one `.sln` file to another, but you can include projects from sub-solutions into a parent solution like `OpenProjectX.sln`. Below are the best approaches, considering a folder structure where each solution has its own parent folder and projects live in subfolders (e.g., `JSopX.WebAPI/JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`).

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 1: Add Existing Projects to the Parent Solution
Manually add `.csproj` files from sub-solutions to the parent solution.

### Steps
1. Open `OpenProjectX.sln` in Visual Studio.
2. Right-click Solution > **Add** > **Existing Project**.
3. Select project files:
   - `JSopX.WebAPI/JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`
   - `JSopX.AngularCore/jsopx.angularcore.client/jsopx.angularcore.client.esproj`
   - `JSopX.AngularCore/JSopX.AngularCore.Server/JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj`
4. Save the solution.

### Pros
- Simple and maintains folder structure.
- Avoids circular references if dependencies are managed.

### Example Structure
```
OpenProjectX/
├── OpenProjectX.sln
JSopX.WebAPI/
├── JSopX.WebAPI.sln
├── JSopX.WebAPI/
│   ├── JSopX.WebAPI.csproj
JSopX.AngularCore/
├── JSopX.AngularCore.sln
├── jsopx.angularcore.client/
│   ├── jsopx.angularcore.client.esproj
├── JSopX.AngularCore.Server/
│   ├── JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj
```


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 2: Multi-Solution Management with Filters
Add all projects to `OpenProjectX.sln` and use solution filters (`.slnf`) for flexibility.

### Steps
1. Add all `.csproj` files to `OpenProjectX.sln` as in Option 1.
2. Right-click Solution > **Save As Solution Filter** to create:
   - `OpenProjectX-WebAPI.slnf` (loads only `JSopX.WebAPI.csproj`)
   - `OpenProjectX-AngularCore.slnf` (loads Angular projects)
3. Use original `.sln` files for standalone work.

### Pros
- Scales well for large solutions.
- Keeps sub-solutions independent.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Option 3: Edit `.sln` File Manually (Advanced)
Directly edit `OpenProjectX.sln` to reference projects.

### Example `.sln` Edit
```
Project("{FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC}") = "JSopX.WebAPI", "..\JSopX.WebAPI\JSopX.WebAPI\JSopX.WebAPI.csproj", "{GUID1}"
EndProject
Project("{FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC}") = "JSopX.AngularCore.Server", "..\JSopX.AngularCore\JSopX.AngularCore.Server\JSopX.AngularCore.Server.csproj", "{GUID2}"
EndProject
```
- Replace `{GUID1}`, `{GUID2}` with unique GUIDs.
- Paths are relative to `OpenProjectX.sln`.

### Pros
- Scriptable for automation (e.g., GitHub subtrees).

## Recommendation
Use **Option 1** for simplicity and compatibility with GitHub subtrees. Ensure dependencies are unidirectional to avoid circular references.

### Tips
- Keep `.sln` in parent folders and `.csproj` in subfolders (your current setup).
- Use project references, not solution references, for dependency management.

---
 
 [`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [**`JSopX™ Projects`**](../OpenProjects/)  · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/JSopxDevelopmentStandards.md) [`Next »`](../Introduction/JSopxProjectsFamilies.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
