JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxNovaCodeSnippetDesignPatterns.md, before:

# JSopX™ & Nova Most Common Markdown Code Snippet Design Patterns

---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover various code snippet support features. 

---

[`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Introduction/) » [`Design Patterns`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/) » **`Code Snippet Design Patterns`**  · · · [`« Previous`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaFileandDirectoryDesignPatterns.md) [`Next »`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaDocumentSectionDesignPatterns.md)

---

## Overview

JSopX™ & Nova support a wide variety of **code snippet types** using Markdown's syntax highlighting for various programming languages and plain text. These are defined by specifying the language name or type after the opening triple backticks (` ``` `).

In addition, this document expands upon the **design pattern for markdown code snippets** supported in the `JSopX™ Nova Markdown Builder`. Each language is presented with syntax highlighting, contextual examples, and links to detailed code examples.

Here's a breakdown of the most commonly supported types:

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Expanded Language Code Snippets](#expanded-language-code-snippets)
    - [1. Common Programming Languages](#1-common-programming-languages)
    - [2. Markup Languages](#2-markup-languages)
    - [3. Configuration and Query Languages](#3-configuration-and-query-languages)
    - [4. Scripting and Shell Languages](#4-scripting-and-shell-languages)
    - [5. Web and Styling](#5-web-and-styling)
    - [6. Data Formats](#6-data-formats)
    - [7. Framework-Specific](#7-framework-specific)
    - [8. Miscellaneous](#8-miscellaneous)
  - [JSopX & Nova Code Snippet Type Code Examples](#jsopx--nova-code-snippet-type-code-examples)
    - [JavaScript Code Example](#javascript-code-example)
    - [TypeScript Code Example](#typescript-code-example)
    - [Python Code Example](#python-code-example)
    - [C# Code Example](#c-code-example)
    - [Java Code Example](#java-code-example)
    - [PHP Code Example](#php-code-example)
    - [Ruby Code Example](#ruby-code-example)
    - [Go Code Example](#go-code-example)
    - [HTML Code Example](#html-code-example)
    - [XML Code Example](#xml-code-example)
    - [SVG Code Example](#svg-code-example)
    - [JSON Code Example](#json-code-example)
    - [YAML Code Example](#yaml-code-example)
    - [TOML Code Example](#toml-code-example)
    - [SQL Code Example](#sql-code-example)
    - [GraphQL Code Example](#graphql-code-example)
    - [Bash Code Example](#bash-code-example)
    - [PowerShell Code Example](#powershell-code-example)
    - [Shell Code Example](#shell-code-example)
    - [CSS Code Example](#css-code-example)
    - [SCSS Code Example](#scss-code-example)
    - [LESS Code Example](#less-code-example)
    - [CSV Code Example](#csv-code-example)
    - [Markdown Code Example](#markdown-code-example)
    - [Text Code Example](#text-code-example)
    - [Angular Code Example](#angular-code-example)
    - [React Code Example](#react-code-example)
    - [Vue Code Example](#vue-code-example)
    - [Diff Code Example](#diff-code-example)
    - [Dockerfile Code Example](#dockerfile-code-example)
    - [Makefile Code Example](#makefile-code-example)

---

## Expanded Language Code Snippets

### **1. Common Programming Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| JavaScript    | `javascript`      | ```` ```javascript ``` ```` | [JavaScript Code Example](#javascript-code-example) |
| TypeScript    | `typescript`      | ```` ```typescript ``` ```` | [TypeScript Code Example](#typescript-code-example) |
| Python        | `python`          | ```` ```python ``` ```` | [Python Code Example](#python-code-example)         |
| C#            | `csharp`          | ```` ```csharp ``` ```` | [C# Code Example](#csharp-code-example)             |
| Java          | `java`            | ```` ```java ``` ```` | [Java Code Example](#java-code-example)             |
| PHP           | `php`             | ```` ```php  ``` ```` | [PHP Code Example](#php-code-example)               |
| Ruby          | `ruby`            | ```` ```ruby ``` ```` | [Ruby Code Example](#ruby-code-example)             |
| Go            | `go`              | ```` ```go ``` ```` | [Go Code Example](#go-code-example)                 |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **2. Markup Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| HTML          | `html`            | ```` ```html ``` ```` | [HTML Code Example](#html-code-example)             |
| XML           | `xml`             | ```` ```xml  ``` ```` | [XML Code Example](#xml-code-example)               |
| SVG           | `svg`             | ```` ```svg  ``` ```` | [SVG Code Example](#svg-code-example)               |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


### **3. Configuration and Query Languages**

| Language         | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:------------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| JSON             | `json`            | ```` ```json ``` ```` | [JSON Code Example](#json-code-example)             |
| YAML             | `yaml` / `yml`    | ```` ```yaml ``` ```` | [YAML Code Example](#yaml-code-example)             |
| TOML             | `toml`            | ```` ```toml ``` ```` | [TOML Code Example](#toml-code-example)             |
| SQL              | `sql`             | ```` ```sql ``` ```` | [SQL Code Example](#sql-code-example)               |
| GraphQL          | `graphql`         | ```` ```graphql ``` ```` | [GraphQL Code Example](#graphql-code-example)       |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


### **4. Scripting and Shell Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Bash          | `bash`            | ```` ```bash ``` ```` | [Bash Code Example](#bash-code-example)             |
| PowerShell    | `powershell`      | ```` ```powershell  ``` ```` | [PowerShell Code Example](#powershell-code-example) |
| Shell         | `sh` / `shell`    | ```` ```sh ``` ```` | [Shell Code Example](#shell-code-example)           |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **5. Web and Styling**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| CSS           | `css`             | ```` ```css ``` ```` | [CSS Code Example](#css-code-example)               |
| SCSS          | `scss`            | ```` ```scss ``` ```` | [SCSS Code Example](#scss-code-example)             |
| LESS          | `less`            | ```` ```less ``` ```` | [LESS Code Example](#less-code-example)             |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **6. Data Formats**

| Format       | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:--------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| CSV          | `csv`             | ```` ```csv ``` ```` | [CSV Code Example](#csv-code-example)               |
| Markdown     | `markdown`        | ```` ```markdown ``` ```` | [Markdown Code Example](#markdown-code-example)     |
| Text         | `text`            | ```` ```text ``` ```` | [Text Code Example](#text-code-example)             |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **7. Framework-Specific**

| Framework      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:----------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Angular        | `angular`         | ```` ```angular  ``` ```` | [Angular Code Example](#angular-code-example)       |
| React          | `jsx`             | ```` ```jsx    ``` ```` | [React Code Example](#react-code-example)           |
| Vue.js         | `vue`             | ```` ```vue ``` ```` | [Vue Code Example](#vue-code-example)               |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **8. Miscellaneous**

| Type          | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Diff/Patch    | `diff`            | ```` ```diff   ``` ```` | [Diff Code Example](#diff-code-example)             |
| Dockerfile    | `dockerfile`      | ```` ```dockerfile  ``` ```` | [Dockerfile Code Example](#dockerfile-code-example) |
| Makefile      | `makefile`        | ```` ```makefile  ``` ```` | [Makefile Code Example](#makefile-code-example)     |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## JSopX & Nova Code Snippet Type Code Examples

The code laguages we currently support are as follows:

### **JavaScript Code Example**

```javascript
// JSopX™ Example: DOM Manipulation
document.getElementById("example").innerHTML = "Hello, JSopX™!";
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **TypeScript Code Example**

```typescript
// Nova Example: Strongly Typed API Call
type User = {
    id: number;
    name: string;
};

async function fetchUser(id: number): Promise<User> {
    const response = await fetch(`/api/users/${id}`);
    return response.json();
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Python Code Example**

```python
# Open Project EXperiences Example: Fibonacci Sequence
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    return fibonacci(n - 1) + fibonacci(n - 2)

print([fibonacci(x) for x in range(10)])
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **C# Code Example**

```csharp
// Nova Example: LINQ Filtering
using System.Linq;

var numbers = new[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
var evenNumbers = numbers.Where(x => x % 2 == 0);

foreach (var number in evenNumbers) {
    Console.WriteLine(number);
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Java Code Example**

```java
// JSopX™ Example: Hello World
public class HelloWorld {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello, JSopX™!");
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **PHP Code Example**

```php
// Nova Example: Associative Array
$user = [
    "id" => 1,
    "name" => "Nova"
];

echo "Hello, " . $user['name'] . "!";
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Ruby Code Example**

```ruby
# JSopX™ Example: Array Map
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
squares = numbers.map { |n| n * n }
puts squares
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Go Code Example**

```go
// Nova Example: Hello World Server
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"
)

func helloHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
	fmt.Fprintln(w, "Hello, JSopX™!")
}

func main() {
	http.HandleFunc("/", helloHandler)
	http.ListenAndServe(":8080", nil)
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **HTML Code Example**

```html
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Simple Form -->
<form action="/submit" method="POST">
    <label for="name">Name:</label>
    <input type="text" id="name" name="name">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
</form>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **XML Code Example**

```xml
<!-- Nova Example: Configuration -->
<config>
    <appSettings>
        <add key="Environment" value="Production" />
    </appSettings>
</config>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SVG Code Example**

```svg
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Circle -->
<svg width="100" height="100">
    <circle cx="50" cy="50" r="40" fill="blue" />
</svg>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **JSON Code Example**

```json
{
    "project": "JSopX™",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "dependencies": {
        "typescript": "^4.5.4"
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **YAML Code Example**

```yaml
# Nova Example: Application Settings
app:
  name: Nova
  environment: Production
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **TOML Code Example**

```toml
# JSopX™ Example: Configuration
[app]
name = "JSopX™"
version = "1.0.0"
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SQL Code Example**

```sql
-- Nova Example: Get Active Users
SELECT * FROM Users WHERE IsActive = 1;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **GraphQL Code Example**

```graphql
# JSopX™ Example: Query Users
query {
    users {
        id
        name
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Bash Code Example**

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# Nova Example: Directory Listing
ls -la
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **PowerShell Code Example**

```powershell
# JSopX™ Example: Get Processes
Get-Process | Where-Object { $_.CPU -gt 100 }
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Shell Code Example**

```sh
#!/bin/sh
# Nova Example: Hello World
echo "Hello, JSopX™!"
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **CSS Code Example**

```css
/* JSopX™ Example: Button Styling */
.button {
    background-color: #007BFF;
    color: white;
    padding: 10px 20px;
    border: none;
    border-radius: 5px;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SCSS Code Example**

```scss
// Nova Example: Button Mixin
@mixin button($color) {
    background-color: $color;
    color: white;
    padding: 10px 20px;
    border-radius: 5px;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **LESS Code Example**

```less
// JSopX™ Example: Button Variables
@primary-color: #007BFF;

.button {
    background-color: @primary-color;
    color: white;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **CSV Code Example**

```csv
id,name,email
1,John Doe,john@example.com
2,Jane Doe,jane@example.com
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Markdown Code Example**

```markdown
# Nova Project

- **Feature 1**: Dynamic Markdown Builder
- **Feature 2**: Code Snippet Examples
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Text Code Example**

```
Hello, this is a plain text file with no formatting.
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Angular Code Example**

```typescript
// JSopX™ Example: Angular Component
@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  template: `<h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>`,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **React Code Example**

```jsx
// Nova Example: React Component
function App() {
    return <h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>;
}
export default App;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Vue Code Example**

```vue
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Vue Component -->
<template>
    <h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>
</template>
<script>
export default {
    name: "App"
};
</script>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Diff Code Example**

```diff
- const oldValue = 5;
+ const newValue = 10;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Dockerfile Code Example**

```dockerfile
# JSopX™ Example: Node.js Dockerfile
FROM node:20
WORKDIR /app
COPY . .
RUN npm install
CMD ["npm", "start"]

```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Makefile Code Example**

```makefile
# Nova Example: Build Command
build:
	gcc main.c -o main
```

---

[`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Introduction/) » [`Design Patterns`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/) » **`Code Snippet Design Patterns`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaFileandDirectoryDesignPatterns.md) [`Next »`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaDocumentSectionDesignPatterns.md)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Introduction/JSopxNovaCodeSnippetDesignPatterns.md, after:

# JSopX™ & Nova Most Common Markdown Code Snippet Design Patterns

---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover various code snippet support features. 

---

[`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Introduction/) » [`Design Patterns`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/) » **`Code Snippet Design Patterns`**  · · · [`« Previous`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaFileandDirectoryDesignPatterns.md) [`Next »`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaDocumentSectionDesignPatterns.md)

---

## Overview

JSopX™ & Nova support a wide variety of **code snippet types** using Markdown's syntax highlighting for various programming languages and plain text. These are defined by specifying the language name or type after the opening triple backticks (` ``` `).

In addition, this document expands upon the **design pattern for markdown code snippets** supported in the `JSopX™ Nova Markdown Builder`. Each language is presented with syntax highlighting, contextual examples, and links to detailed code examples.

Here's a breakdown of the most commonly supported types:

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Expanded Language Code Snippets](#expanded-language-code-snippets)
    - [1. Common Programming Languages](#1-common-programming-languages)
    - [2. Markup Languages](#2-markup-languages)
    - [3. Configuration and Query Languages](#3-configuration-and-query-languages)
    - [4. Scripting and Shell Languages](#4-scripting-and-shell-languages)
    - [5. Web and Styling](#5-web-and-styling)
    - [6. Data Formats](#6-data-formats)
    - [7. Framework-Specific](#7-framework-specific)
    - [8. Miscellaneous](#8-miscellaneous)
  - [JSopX & Nova Code Snippet Type Code Examples](#jsopx--nova-code-snippet-type-code-examples)
    - [JavaScript Code Example](#javascript-code-example)
    - [TypeScript Code Example](#typescript-code-example)
    - [Python Code Example](#python-code-example)
    - [C# Code Example](#c-code-example)
    - [Java Code Example](#java-code-example)
    - [PHP Code Example](#php-code-example)
    - [Ruby Code Example](#ruby-code-example)
    - [Go Code Example](#go-code-example)
    - [HTML Code Example](#html-code-example)
    - [XML Code Example](#xml-code-example)
    - [SVG Code Example](#svg-code-example)
    - [JSON Code Example](#json-code-example)
    - [YAML Code Example](#yaml-code-example)
    - [TOML Code Example](#toml-code-example)
    - [SQL Code Example](#sql-code-example)
    - [GraphQL Code Example](#graphql-code-example)
    - [Bash Code Example](#bash-code-example)
    - [PowerShell Code Example](#powershell-code-example)
    - [Shell Code Example](#shell-code-example)
    - [CSS Code Example](#css-code-example)
    - [SCSS Code Example](#scss-code-example)
    - [LESS Code Example](#less-code-example)
    - [CSV Code Example](#csv-code-example)
    - [Markdown Code Example](#markdown-code-example)
    - [Text Code Example](#text-code-example)
    - [Angular Code Example](#angular-code-example)
    - [React Code Example](#react-code-example)
    - [Vue Code Example](#vue-code-example)
    - [Diff Code Example](#diff-code-example)
    - [Dockerfile Code Example](#dockerfile-code-example)
    - [Makefile Code Example](#makefile-code-example)

---

## Expanded Language Code Snippets

### **1. Common Programming Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| JavaScript    | `javascript`      | ```` ```javascript ``` ```` | [JavaScript Code Example](#javascript-code-example) |
| TypeScript    | `typescript`      | ```` ```typescript ``` ```` | [TypeScript Code Example](#typescript-code-example) |
| Python        | `python`          | ```` ```python ``` ```` | [Python Code Example](#python-code-example)         |
| C#            | `csharp`          | ```` ```csharp ``` ```` | [C# Code Example](#csharp-code-example)             |
| Java          | `java`            | ```` ```java ``` ```` | [Java Code Example](#java-code-example)             |
| PHP           | `php`             | ```` ```php  ``` ```` | [PHP Code Example](#php-code-example)               |
| Ruby          | `ruby`            | ```` ```ruby ``` ```` | [Ruby Code Example](#ruby-code-example)             |
| Go            | `go`              | ```` ```go ``` ```` | [Go Code Example](#go-code-example)                 |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **2. Markup Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| HTML          | `html`            | ```` ```html ``` ```` | [HTML Code Example](#html-code-example)             |
| XML           | `xml`             | ```` ```xml  ``` ```` | [XML Code Example](#xml-code-example)               |
| SVG           | `svg`             | ```` ```svg  ``` ```` | [SVG Code Example](#svg-code-example)               |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


### **3. Configuration and Query Languages**

| Language         | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:------------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| JSON             | `json`            | ```` ```json ``` ```` | [JSON Code Example](#json-code-example)             |
| YAML             | `yaml` / `yml`    | ```` ```yaml ``` ```` | [YAML Code Example](#yaml-code-example)             |
| TOML             | `toml`            | ```` ```toml ``` ```` | [TOML Code Example](#toml-code-example)             |
| SQL              | `sql`             | ```` ```sql ``` ```` | [SQL Code Example](#sql-code-example)               |
| GraphQL          | `graphql`         | ```` ```graphql ``` ```` | [GraphQL Code Example](#graphql-code-example)       |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


### **4. Scripting and Shell Languages**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Bash          | `bash`            | ```` ```bash ``` ```` | [Bash Code Example](#bash-code-example)             |
| PowerShell    | `powershell`      | ```` ```powershell  ``` ```` | [PowerShell Code Example](#powershell-code-example) |
| Shell         | `sh` / `shell`    | ```` ```sh ``` ```` | [Shell Code Example](#shell-code-example)           |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **5. Web and Styling**

| Language      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| CSS           | `css`             | ```` ```css ``` ```` | [CSS Code Example](#css-code-example)               |
| SCSS          | `scss`            | ```` ```scss ``` ```` | [SCSS Code Example](#scss-code-example)             |
| LESS          | `less`            | ```` ```less ``` ```` | [LESS Code Example](#less-code-example)             |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **6. Data Formats**

| Format       | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:--------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| CSV          | `csv`             | ```` ```csv ``` ```` | [CSV Code Example](#csv-code-example)               |
| Markdown     | `markdown`        | ```` ```markdown ``` ```` | [Markdown Code Example](#markdown-code-example)     |
| Text         | `text`            | ```` ```text ``` ```` | [Text Code Example](#text-code-example)             |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **7. Framework-Specific**

| Framework      | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:----------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Angular        | `angular`         | ```` ```angular  ``` ```` | [Angular Code Example](#angular-code-example)       |
| React          | `jsx`             | ```` ```jsx    ``` ```` | [React Code Example](#react-code-example)           |
| Vue.js         | `vue`             | ```` ```vue ``` ```` | [Vue Code Example](#vue-code-example)               |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **8. Miscellaneous**

| Type          | Snippet Type      | Syntax Example       | Code Example Link                  |
|:---------------|:-------------------|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Diff/Patch    | `diff`            | ```` ```diff   ``` ```` | [Diff Code Example](#diff-code-example)             |
| Dockerfile    | `dockerfile`      | ```` ```dockerfile  ``` ```` | [Dockerfile Code Example](#dockerfile-code-example) |
| Makefile      | `makefile`        | ```` ```makefile  ``` ```` | [Makefile Code Example](#makefile-code-example)     |


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## JSopX & Nova Code Snippet Type Code Examples

The code laguages we currently support are as follows:

### **JavaScript Code Example**

```javascript
// JSopX™ Example: DOM Manipulation
document.getElementById("example").innerHTML = "Hello, JSopX™!";
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **TypeScript Code Example**

```typescript
// Nova Example: Strongly Typed API Call
type User = {
    id: number;
    name: string;
};

async function fetchUser(id: number): Promise<User> {
    const response = await fetch(`/api/users/${id}`);
    return response.json();
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Python Code Example**

```python
# Open Project EXperiences Example: Fibonacci Sequence
def fibonacci(n):
    if n <= 1:
        return n
    return fibonacci(n - 1) + fibonacci(n - 2)

print([fibonacci(x) for x in range(10)])
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **C# Code Example**

```csharp
// Nova Example: LINQ Filtering
using System.Linq;

var numbers = new[] { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
var evenNumbers = numbers.Where(x => x % 2 == 0);

foreach (var number in evenNumbers) {
    Console.WriteLine(number);
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Java Code Example**

```java
// JSopX™ Example: Hello World
public class HelloWorld {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello, JSopX™!");
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **PHP Code Example**

```php
// Nova Example: Associative Array
$user = [
    "id" => 1,
    "name" => "Nova"
];

echo "Hello, " . $user['name'] . "!";
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Ruby Code Example**

```ruby
# JSopX™ Example: Array Map
numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
squares = numbers.map { |n| n * n }
puts squares
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Go Code Example**

```go
// Nova Example: Hello World Server
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"
)

func helloHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
	fmt.Fprintln(w, "Hello, JSopX™!")
}

func main() {
	http.HandleFunc("/", helloHandler)
	http.ListenAndServe(":8080", nil)
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **HTML Code Example**

```html
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Simple Form -->
<form action="/submit" method="POST">
    <label for="name">Name:</label>
    <input type="text" id="name" name="name">
    <button type="submit">Submit</button>
</form>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **XML Code Example**

```xml
<!-- Nova Example: Configuration -->
<config>
    <appSettings>
        <add key="Environment" value="Production" />
    </appSettings>
</config>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SVG Code Example**

```svg
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Circle -->
<svg width="100" height="100">
    <circle cx="50" cy="50" r="40" fill="blue" />
</svg>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **JSON Code Example**

```json
{
    "project": "JSopX™",
    "version": "1.0.0",
    "dependencies": {
        "typescript": "^4.5.4"
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **YAML Code Example**

```yaml
# Nova Example: Application Settings
app:
  name: Nova
  environment: Production
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **TOML Code Example**

```toml
# JSopX™ Example: Configuration
[app]
name = "JSopX™"
version = "1.0.0"
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SQL Code Example**

```sql
-- Nova Example: Get Active Users
SELECT * FROM Users WHERE IsActive = 1;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **GraphQL Code Example**

```graphql
# JSopX™ Example: Query Users
query {
    users {
        id
        name
    }
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Bash Code Example**

```bash
#!/bin/bash
# Nova Example: Directory Listing
ls -la
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **PowerShell Code Example**

```powershell
# JSopX™ Example: Get Processes
Get-Process | Where-Object { $_.CPU -gt 100 }
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Shell Code Example**

```sh
#!/bin/sh
# Nova Example: Hello World
echo "Hello, JSopX™!"
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **CSS Code Example**

```css
/* JSopX™ Example: Button Styling */
.button {
    background-color: #007BFF;
    color: white;
    padding: 10px 20px;
    border: none;
    border-radius: 5px;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **SCSS Code Example**

```scss
// Nova Example: Button Mixin
@mixin button($color) {
    background-color: $color;
    color: white;
    padding: 10px 20px;
    border-radius: 5px;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **LESS Code Example**

```less
// JSopX™ Example: Button Variables
@primary-color: #007BFF;

.button {
    background-color: @primary-color;
    color: white;
}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **CSV Code Example**

```csv
id,name,email
1,John Doe,john@example.com
2,Jane Doe,jane@example.com
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Markdown Code Example**

```markdown
# Nova Project

- **Feature 1**: Dynamic Markdown Builder
- **Feature 2**: Code Snippet Examples
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Text Code Example**

```
Hello, this is a plain text file with no formatting.
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Angular Code Example**

```typescript
// JSopX™ Example: Angular Component
@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  template: `<h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>`,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **React Code Example**

```jsx
// Nova Example: React Component
function App() {
    return <h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>;
}
export default App;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Vue Code Example**

```vue
<!-- JSopX™ Example: Vue Component -->
<template>
    <h1>Hello, JSopX™!</h1>
</template>
<script>
export default {
    name: "App"
};
</script>
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Diff Code Example**

```diff
- const oldValue = 5;
+ const newValue = 10;
```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Dockerfile Code Example**

```dockerfile
# JSopX™ Example: Node.js Dockerfile
FROM node:20
WORKDIR /app
COPY . .
RUN npm install
CMD ["npm", "start"]

```

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Makefile Code Example**

```makefile
# Nova Example: Build Command
build:
	gcc main.c -o main
```

---

[`Introduction`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Introduction/) » [`Design Patterns`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/) » **`Code Snippet Design Patterns`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaFileandDirectoryDesignPatterns.md) [`Next »`](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/DesignPatterns/JSopxNovaDocumentSectionDesignPatterns.md)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
