JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/README.md, before:

# JSopX™ Web API
**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

﻿
The `JSopX.WebAPI` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Web API Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

This suite of projects, uses some of the most advanced client-side and server-side technologies of today, such as Asp.NET Core, Blazor, .NET MAUI, Angular, React, Node.JS, Vue &amp; more! All access the same server-side Web API, while using the same client-side, look-and-feel resources and assets across all projects, constructed as a centeralized, unified, enterprise-level soluiton, and available as responsive web design for most mobile, tablet, laptop & desktop web browsers, as a Windows, Linux and Mac desktop application, and as a native mobile app for Iphone, Android, Samsung Galaxy and Windows Phone.



> [!CAUTION]
> **Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being, due to the absolute bare minimum resources created, to satisfy a minimum viable product requirement in Phase 1 (by design). Conversely, Phase 2 is days away, and Phase 3 is only a week after that. Phase 3 Projects will be mature, and action-packed with features, assets, documentation and more!
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.


# Table of Contents
- [JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences : Bridge Too Far](#jsopx-open-project-experiences--bridge-too-far)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Alerts](#alerts)
    - [Current Alerts](#current-alerts)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Corequisites](#corequisites)
  - [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
  - [Concomitants](#concomitants)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Step-by-Step Instructions](#step-by-step-instructions)
    - [Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template](#step-1-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template)
    - [Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes](#step-2-create-the-child-basic-markdown-page-template-content-includes)
    - [Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes](#step-3-double-check-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-for-all-includes)
  - [Usage](#usage)
      - [Adding the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs to Other Projects](#adding-the-jsopx-bridge-too-far-docs-to-other-projects)
  - [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)


## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.sln` file structures.
- Basic understanding of `.md` and markdown files


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure we can have a markdown readme like the parent markdown we are in now, and add markdown includes from the child, to see if GitHub supports includes in a way that we need them to.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project markdown after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You do not need to install technologies mentioned in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section just to review the markdown files under `Docs`. However, you will need to if you plan to work with the project in modifying and creating new markdown documents.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Getting Started

﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Step-by-Step Instructions

﻿
### Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template

1. 1. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` markdown file**, save it to `Templates`, so we can use it to embed include test markdowns into it.

### Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes

2. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` directory**, under `Includes/Content/Template`, and create as many static markdown sections needed for this sample.

### Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes

1. After adding all `include` blocks in the template, double-check all resources and be sure they exist. 
   
2. If this was done correctly, you should see content added to the live Docs folder.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Usage

﻿
#### Adding the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs to Other Projects

This is another one of those steps that I did for you, but you never know.

1. **Add Project Reference**:

    - In the solution that requires the common library, right-click on the project in Solution Explorer.
    - Select `Add` > `Reference`.
    - Check the box for `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` and click `OK`.

2. **Use the Common Code**:

    - You can now use the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs from the `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` project in your other projects.


## In Conclusion

﻿
The `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

By centralizing project documents with this approach to mark down will be very helpful, especially with referencing the `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` Read Me docs across projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Altered existing alerts and created new documentation describing more common alerts to look for.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/jsopx.WebAPI/Master/p1/v1/README.md, after:

# JSopX™ Web API
**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.


## Overview

﻿
The `JSopX.WebAPI` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Web API Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

This suite of projects, uses some of the most advanced client-side and server-side technologies of today, such as Asp.NET Core, Blazor, .NET MAUI, Angular, React, Node.JS, Vue &amp; more! All access the same server-side Web API, while using the same client-side, look-and-feel resources and assets across all projects, constructed as a centeralized, unified, enterprise-level soluiton, and available as responsive web design for most mobile, tablet, laptop & desktop web browsers, as a Windows, Linux and Mac desktop application, and as a native mobile app for Iphone, Android, Samsung Galaxy and Windows Phone.




> [!CAUTION]
> **CURRENT PHASE: Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)**
> 
> This project is currently in **Phase 1** of Development. It **should not** be considered **accurate** or a **release candidate**. In fact, it should be treated as simply reference material for the time being (_and this is by design_). No other **Phases** are treated this way.
> 
> Please see [Phase 1 (Current Phase): Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Phases/Phase-1-Minimum-Viable-Product-MVP.md) for more details.




# Table of Contents
- [JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences : Bridge Too Far](#jsopx-open-project-experiences--bridge-too-far)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Alerts](#alerts)
    - [Current Alerts](#current-alerts)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Corequisites](#corequisites)
  - [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
  - [Concomitants](#concomitants)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Step-by-Step Instructions](#step-by-step-instructions)
    - [Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template](#step-1-create-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template)
    - [Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes](#step-2-create-the-child-basic-markdown-page-template-content-includes)
    - [Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes](#step-3-double-check-the-parent-basic-markdown-page-template-for-all-includes)
  - [Usage](#usage)
      - [Adding the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs to Other Projects](#adding-the-jsopx-bridge-too-far-docs-to-other-projects)
  - [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)


## Alerts

**Please pay close attention to the `alerts` that appear in all documentation that look like the following:**

> [!NOTE]
> Useful information that users should know, even when skimming content.

> [!TIP]
> Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Key information users need to know to achieve their goal.

> [!WARNING]
> Urgent info that needs immediate user attention to avoid problems.

> [!CAUTION]
> Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.


### Current Alerts

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This document is still  **regularly being updated**. It is important to regularly check back for updates until this `Current Alert` is no longer visible.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Prerequisites

﻿
- Visual Studio 2022 or higher installed.
- Existing JSopX projects (e.g., `JSopX.BridgeTooFar`, `JSopX.ClassLibrary`, `JSopX.WebAPI`, etc.).
- Installed .NET 8.0 SDK.
- Installed Node.js 20.14.0
- Basic understanding of `.csproj` and `.sln` file structures.
- Basic understanding of `.md` and markdown files


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Corequisites

﻿
- Ensure we can have a markdown readme like the parent markdown we are in now, and add markdown includes from the child, to see if GitHub supports includes in a way that we need them to.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Postrequisites

﻿
- Clean and rebuild each project markdown after making changes to ensure includes are properly configured.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Concomitants

﻿
- You do not need to install technologies mentioned in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section just to review the markdown files under `Docs`. However, you will need to if you plan to work with the project in modifying and creating new markdown documents.



[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Getting Started

﻿
> [!WARNING]
> This section is just a test. However, it is generally more advanced content.
> 
> **To mimic the advanced cloning of the collective `JSopX.OpenProjectX` project suite, please see, [JSopX.OpenProjectX](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.OpenProjectX) for details.**


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Step-by-Step Instructions

﻿
### Step 1: Create the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template

1. 1. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` markdown file**, save it to `Templates`, so we can use it to embed include test markdowns into it.

### Step 2: Create the Child Basic Markdown Page Template Content Includes

2. **Create a `BasicMarkdownPage` directory**, under `Includes/Content/Template`, and create as many static markdown sections needed for this sample.

### Step 3: Double Check the Parent Basic Markdown Page Template for all Includes

1. After adding all `include` blocks in the template, double-check all resources and be sure they exist. 
   
2. If this was done correctly, you should see content added to the live Docs folder.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

## Usage

﻿
#### Adding the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs to Other Projects

This is another one of those steps that I did for you, but you never know.

1. **Add Project Reference**:

    - In the solution that requires the common library, right-click on the project in Solution Explorer.
    - Select `Add` > `Reference`.
    - Check the box for `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` and click `OK`.

2. **Use the Common Code**:

    - You can now use the JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Docs from the `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` project in your other projects.


## In Conclusion

﻿
The `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` Project (i.e., _jSilvestri.com BETA v 2025 JSopX™ Bridge Too Far Open Project EXperience_) is one of several, FREE, open-source projects, included in the first-of-its-kind, Multi-Platform, Multi-Stack, `JSopX™ Open Project EXperiences Collection` Enterprise-Level Application.

By centralizing project documents with this approach to mark down will be very helpful, especially with referencing the `JSopX.BridgeTooFar` Read Me docs across projects.


[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)


---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
