JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor/CheckingVersions.md, before:

﻿
Check if `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Powershell`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `Visual Studio` v `17.11.5` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Powershell`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
   ```powershell
      # Using Powershell:
      # Check Visual Studio version
   
      dotnet --version
    ```
   
2. This command checks the `version` of `Visual Studio` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Powershell` Command Line dialog output.
   
3. If you have version `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have Visual Studio installed or you version is **`lower`** than `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**Visual Studio**](#visual-studio)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Checking in full DocsX draft set of ".NET Core Blazor" Parent Templates, nested Parent Templates, and Child Includes.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor/CheckingVersions.md, after:

﻿
Check if `.NET Core Blazor` v **`8.0.3`** (_or higher_) is installed on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

Use **`Powershell`** Command Line dialog to ensure you have the correct version of `.NET Core Blazor` v `8.0.3` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Powershell`, type the following command, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:
   
   ```powershell
      # Using Powershell:
      # Check .NET Core Blazor version
   
      dotnet --list-sdks
    ```
   
2. This command checks the `version` of `.NET Core Blazor` on your device, and then prints back your version to the `Powershell` Command Line dialog output.
   
3. If you have version `.NET Core Blazor` v **`8.0.3`** (_or higher_), you are _good to go_, and no further action is needed!
   
If you do not have .NET Core Blazor installed or you version is **`lower`** than `.NET Core Blazor` v **`8.0.3`**, it is recommended that you install it _immediately_ to avoid unexpected results.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**.NET Core Blazor**](#net-core-blazor)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
