JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor/Installation.md, before:

﻿
Install `Visual Studio` v **`17.11.5`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Powershell`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `Visual Studio` or `Visual Studio Code` v `17.11.5` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Powershell`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

   ```powershell   
      # Using Powershell:
      # Install Visual Studio 2022 using the Visual Studio Installer (community edition as an example)

      Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vs_community.exe" -OutFile "vs_community.exe"
      Start-Process -FilePath "vs_community.exe" -ArgumentList "--quiet --wait --norestart" -Wait
    ```
   
2. This command should _install_ all necessary `Visual Studio` or `Visual Studio Code` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Powershell` Command Line dialog output.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**Visual Studio**](#visual-studio)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Checking in full DocsX draft set of ".NET Core Blazor" Parent Templates, nested Parent Templates, and Child Includes.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsX/AllGlobal/Master/Includes/Content/Template/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor/Installation.md, after:

﻿
Install `.NET Core Blazor` v **`8.0.3`** (_or higher_) if it is not already installed or found on your device.

#### Step-by-Step Instructions:

You can use **`Powershell`** Command Line dialog again to `install` the correct version of `.NET Core Blazor` v `8.0.3` (_or higher_) on your device.
   
1. Open `Powershell`, type the following _command_, and hit the `Enter` button on your `keyboard`:

   ```powershell
      # Using Powershell:
      # Install Blazor WebAssembly template
      dotnet new install Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.WebAssembly.Templates::8.0.0
   ```
   
   
2. This command should _install_ all necessary `.NET Core Blazor` dependencies and features, and then prints the results of the installation to the `Powershell` Command Line dialog output.



[All Technology Requirements](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/blob/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies.md)  »  [**.NET Core Blazor**](#net-core-blazor)  »  [Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
