JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/GitHub/JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md, before:


# JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll gain a clear understanding of how to manage JSopX™ projects using Git and GitHub. This includes creating new repositories, pushing existing code, and seamlessly integrating Git operations with tools like Bash, PowerShell, Node, npm, and Vite—regardless of your experience level.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/Introduction/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Step 1: Create New Repository via Command Line](#step-1-create-new-repository-via-command-line)
- [Step 2: Push Existing Repository from Command Line](#step-2-push-existing-repository-from-command-line)
- [Step 3: Use Git with Bash, Node, npm, Powershell, Vite & More](#step-3-use-git-with-bash-node-npm-powershell-vite--more)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

---

## **Overview**  

This guide helps both newcomers and experienced developers streamline their interaction with JSopX™ projects in GitHub. It provides step-by-step instructions on initializing new repositories, pushing existing code, and cloning projects using various command-line tools. By following these best practices, you’ll ensure a smoother onboarding process, maintain consistency across multiple technologies, and seamlessly integrate Git workflows into your development routine.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Prerequisites**

### General:

Before working with JSopX™ projects on GitHub, ensure you have:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Basic familiarity with Git commands (e.g., `git clone`, `git commit`, `git push`).
- An understanding of the JSopX™ structure, including solution (`.sln`) and project (`.csproj`, `.esproj`) files.
- Access to GitHub repositories (personal or organizational) that contain JSopX™ code.

### Technology Requirements:

For a fully functional JSopX™ environment, confirm that the following technologies are installed and compatible with your system:

- [Visual Studio (v 17.14.21)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/VisualStudio.md)
- [.NET Framework (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md)
- [ASP.NET Core (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)
- [.NET Core Blazor (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor.md)
- [.NET Core Maui Hybrid (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetCoreMauiHybrid.md)
- [Node (v 20.14.0)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Node.md)
- [npm (v 10.8.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/npm.md)
- [Angular CLI (v 18.0.3)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/AngularCli.md)
- [React (v 18.2.0)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/React.md)
- [Vue (v 3.4.21)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Vue.md)
- [Vite (v 5.2.8)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Vite.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Corequisites**  

For seamless GitHub operations within the JSopX™ ecosystem:

- Ensure that all related JSopX™ documents (e.g., [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar.git)) are accessible and up-to-date.
- Confirm your project references are correctly set in `.sln` and `.csproj` files, reducing friction when pushing or pulling changes.
- Consider reviewing previous documents like [JSopX™ Project Checks & Balances](./JSopxProjectChecksBalances.md) for organizational consistency and best practices before branching out into Git workflows.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 1: Create New Repository via Command Line**


> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please note the use of `JSopX.WebAPI` Project is intended as an example.


To create a new GitHub repository and commit your initial code, for example with `JSopX.WebAPI`:

```bash
echo "# JSopX.WebAPI" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M master
git remote add origin https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebAPI.git
git push -u origin master
```

This workflow initializes a local repository, adds a remote, and publishes your initial commit, establishing a fresh GitHub repo for the JSopX™ project.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 2: Push Existing Repository from Command Line**

If you’ve already been working locally and now want to push to GitHub:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebAPI.git
git branch -M master
git push -u origin master
```

This quickly associates your local project with a remote repository and pushes your work online, making it accessible to collaborators.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 3: Use Git with Bash, Node, npm, Powershell, Vite & More**

JSopX™ embraces a variety of tools, allowing you to clone, manage, and build projects through different command-line interfaces:

### Using `JSopX.RCLxComponents` as an Example

`JSopX.RCLxComponents` is a Razor Class Library for Blazor and MAUI components, potentially integrating with other front-end frameworks. Here’s how you might clone and manage it:

**Bash Example:**
```bash
# Navigate to your desired local directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents.git
```

**PowerShell Example:**
```powershell
# Navigate to the desired local directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Clone the repository using PowerShell
git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents.git
```

**Node.js & npm (Using degit) Example:**
```bash
# Navigate to the desired directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Using npx degit to clone without .git history
npx degit JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents
```

**Vite (After Cloning) Example:**
```bash
# Navigate into the cloned directory
cd JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Initialize or install the project with Vite
npm create vite@latest
npm install
```

After cloning, simply open `RCLxComponents.sln` in Visual Studio and build the solution. This approach demonstrates how JSopX™ projects can be integrated into various workflows, making development more flexible and accessible.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/Introduction/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---


## **Postrequisites**  

After you’ve set up and pushed your repositories, consider:
- Reviewing your directory structure and repository organization to ensure best practices are followed.
- Adding descriptive README files and documentation to guide other team members.
- Evaluating your CI/CD pipeline to automate builds and tests whenever code is pushed to GitHub.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Concomitants**  

In parallel with managing your GitHub basics:
- Explore additional JSopX™ documents detailing asset management, project families, and alert usage to maintain a cohesive environment.
- Leverage tools like GitHub Actions, NuGet feeds, or container registries to simplify deployment and integration into more complex environments.
- Consult [JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects](./JSopxProjects.md) or related guides to align repository structure with the intended architecture.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## **In Conclusion**  
Mastering GitHub basics for JSopX™ projects ensures that you can confidently create new repositories, push changes, clone code, and integrate various tooling workflows. As a result, you streamline your development process, reduce onboarding friction, and maintain cleaner, more consistent project ecosystems.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## **Next Steps**  
1. Proceed to advanced Git topics or explore branching strategies that improve collaboration and code quality.
2. Review related JSopX™ documents to expand your toolkit, from handling project references to setting up shared assets and CI/CD configurations.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./JSopxTechnologyRequirements.md) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/GitHub/JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md, after:


# JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll gain a clear understanding of how to manage JSopX™ projects using Git and GitHub. This includes creating new repositories, pushing existing code, and seamlessly integrating Git operations with tools like Bash, PowerShell, Node, npm, and Vite—regardless of your experience level.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/Introduction/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Corequisites](#corequisites)
- [Step 1: Create New Repository via Command Line](#step-1-create-new-repository-via-command-line)
- [Step 2: Push Existing Repository from Command Line](#step-2-push-existing-repository-from-command-line)
- [Step 3: Use Git with Bash, Node, npm, Powershell, Vite & More](#step-3-use-git-with-bash-node-npm-powershell-vite--more)
- [Postrequisites](#postrequisites)
- [Concomitants](#concomitants)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

---

## **Overview**  

This guide helps both newcomers and experienced developers streamline their interaction with JSopX™ projects in GitHub. It provides step-by-step instructions on initializing new repositories, pushing existing code, and cloning projects using various command-line tools. By following these best practices, you’ll ensure a smoother onboarding process, maintain consistency across multiple technologies, and seamlessly integrate Git workflows into your development routine.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Prerequisites**

### General:

Before working with JSopX™ projects on GitHub, ensure you have:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Basic familiarity with Git commands (e.g., `git clone`, `git commit`, `git push`).
- An understanding of the JSopX™ structure, including solution (`.sln`) and project (`.csproj`, `.esproj`) files.
- Access to GitHub repositories (personal or organizational) that contain JSopX™ code.

### Technology Requirements:

For a fully functional JSopX™ environment, confirm that the following technologies are installed and compatible with your system:

- [Visual Studio (v 17.14.21)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/VisualStudio.md)
- [.NET Framework (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetFrameworkSdk.md)
- [ASP.NET Core (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/AspNetCore.md)
- [.NET Core Blazor (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetCoreBlazor.md)
- [.NET Core Maui Hybrid (v 9.2.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/NetCoreMauiHybrid.md)
- [Node (v 20.14.0)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Node.md)
- [npm (v 10.8.1)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/npm.md)
- [Angular CLI (v 18.0.3)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/AngularCli.md)
- [React (v 18.2.0)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/React.md)
- [Vue (v 3.4.21)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Vue.md)
- [Vite (v 5.2.8)](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/tree/master/JSopX.BridgeTooFar/Docs/JSopX/Master/Technologies/Vite.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Corequisites**  

For seamless GitHub operations within the JSopX™ ecosystem:

- Ensure that all related JSopX™ documents (e.g., [JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar.git)) are accessible and up-to-date.
- Confirm your project references are correctly set in `.sln` and `.csproj` files, reducing friction when pushing or pulling changes.
- Consider reviewing previous documents like [JSopX™ Project Checks & Balances](./JSopxProjectChecksBalances.md) for organizational consistency and best practices before branching out into Git workflows.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 1: Create New Repository via Command Line**


> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please note the use of `JSopX.WebAPI` Project is intended as an example.


To create a new GitHub repository and commit your initial code, for example with `JSopX.WebAPI`:

```bash
echo "# JSopX.WebAPI" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M master
git remote add origin https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebAPI.git
git push -u origin master
```

This workflow initializes a local repository, adds a remote, and publishes your initial commit, establishing a fresh GitHub repo for the JSopX™ project.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 2: Push Existing Repository from Command Line**

If you’ve already been working locally and now want to push to GitHub:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.WebAPI.git
git branch -M master
git push -u origin master
```

This quickly associates your local project with a remote repository and pushes your work online, making it accessible to collaborators.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Step 3: Use Git with Bash, Node, npm, Powershell, Vite & More**

JSopX™ embraces a variety of tools, allowing you to clone, manage, and build projects through different command-line interfaces:

### Using `JSopX.RCLxComponents` as an Example

`JSopX.RCLxComponents` is a Razor Class Library for Blazor and MAUI components, potentially integrating with other front-end frameworks. Here’s how you might clone and manage it:

**Bash Example:**
```bash
# Navigate to your desired local directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents.git
```

**PowerShell Example:**
```powershell
# Navigate to the desired local directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Clone the repository using PowerShell
git clone https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents.git
```

**Node.js & npm (Using degit) Example:**
```bash
# Navigate to the desired directory
cd path\to\local\repo\JasonSilvestri\JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Using npx degit to clone without .git history
npx degit JasonSilvestri/JSopX.RCLxComponents
```

**Vite (After Cloning) Example:**
```bash
# Navigate into the cloned directory
cd JSopX.RCLxComponents

# Initialize or install the project with Vite
npm create vite@latest
npm install
```

After cloning, simply open `RCLxComponents.sln` in Visual Studio and build the solution. This approach demonstrates how JSopX™ projects can be integrated into various workflows, making development more flexible and accessible.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/Introduction/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---


## **Postrequisites**  

After you’ve set up and pushed your repositories, consider:
- Reviewing your directory structure and repository organization to ensure best practices are followed.
- Adding descriptive README files and documentation to guide other team members.
- Evaluating your CI/CD pipeline to automate builds and tests whenever code is pushed to GitHub.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Concomitants**  

In parallel with managing your GitHub basics:
- Explore additional JSopX™ documents detailing asset management, project families, and alert usage to maintain a cohesive environment.
- Leverage tools like GitHub Actions, NuGet feeds, or container registries to simplify deployment and integration into more complex environments.
- Consult [JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects](./JSopxProjects.md) or related guides to align repository structure with the intended architecture.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## **In Conclusion**  
Mastering GitHub basics for JSopX™ projects ensures that you can confidently create new repositories, push changes, clone code, and integrate various tooling workflows. As a result, you streamline your development process, reduce onboarding friction, and maintain cleaner, more consistent project ecosystems.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


## **Next Steps**  
1. Proceed to advanced Git topics or explore branching strategies that improve collaboration and code quality.
2. Review related JSopX™ documents to expand your toolkit, from handling project references to setting up shared assets and CI/CD configurations.

---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » **`JSopX™ GitHub Basics`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./JSopxTechnologyRequirements.md) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
