JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/GitHub/ReadMe.md, before:

# JSopX™ on GitHub

Should be an excerpt from [Overview](#overview) section. 

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  `JSopX™ on GitHub` » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Phases/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---


## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ GitHub](#jsopx-github)
    - [1. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)
    - [2. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Advanced](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)
    - [3. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Get Forked](./JSopxProjectsGitHubGetForked.md)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

---

## **Overview**  

- Please add some content. 

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---



## **JSopX™ GitHub**

All JSopX™ Projects are on GitHub. If you are not familar, this section may help you understand a little more:  

---

### **1. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics:**  

Before working with JSopX™ projects on GitHub, ensure you have:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Basic familiarity with Git commands (e.g., `git clone`, `git commit`, `git push`).
- An understanding of the JSopX™ structure, including solution (`.sln`) and project (`.csproj`, `.esproj`) files.
- Access to GitHub repositories (personal or organizational) that contain JSopX™ code.


[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---


### **2. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Advanced:**  

Ensure the following before diving into advanced GitHub practices:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Advanced familiarity with Git operations (e.g., subtrees, branching, resolving conflicts).
- Knowledge of the JSopX™ ecosystem, including `.sln` and `.csproj` structures.
- Access to the relevant JSopX™ GitHub repositories.

[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)


---


### **3. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub - Get Forked:**  

Ensure the following concepts make sense before diving into this section: at some point, you will want to lock down your version of JSopX™ Project Repositories or Enterprise Projects like it.

- Restricting Push Access to Origin Projects.
- Granting Access to Specific Projects or Repositories
- Restricting Access to Certain Areas of a Repository
- Giving AI Access to Certain Repositories or Areas

[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubGetForked.md)


---

## **Next Steps**  
1. Move on to [JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md) to understand how source control and governance ensure that our GitHub Repositories remain aligned with enterprise goals depicted here.


---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » `JSopX™ on GitHub` » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Phases/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/GitHub/ReadMe.md, after:

# JSopX™ on GitHub

Should be an excerpt from [Overview](#overview) section. 

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  `JSopX™ on GitHub` » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Phases/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---



> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [JSopX™ GitHub](#jsopx-github)
    - [1. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)
    - [2. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Advanced](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)
    - [3. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Get Forked](./JSopxProjectsGitHubGetForked.md)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

---

## **Overview**  

- Please add some content. 

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---



## **JSopX™ GitHub**

All JSopX™ Projects are on GitHub. If you are not familar, this section may help you understand a little more:  

---

### **1. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics:**  

Before working with JSopX™ projects on GitHub, ensure you have:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Basic familiarity with Git commands (e.g., `git clone`, `git commit`, `git push`).
- An understanding of the JSopX™ structure, including solution (`.sln`) and project (`.csproj`, `.esproj`) files.
- Access to GitHub repositories (personal or organizational) that contain JSopX™ code.


[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---


### **2. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Advanced:**  

Ensure the following before diving into advanced GitHub practices:

- Git installed and configured on your machine.
- Advanced familiarity with Git operations (e.g., subtrees, branching, resolving conflicts).
- Knowledge of the JSopX™ ecosystem, including `.sln` and `.csproj` structures.
- Access to the relevant JSopX™ GitHub repositories.

[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubAdvanced.md)


---


### **3. JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub - Get Forked:**  

Ensure the following concepts make sense before diving into this section: at some point, you will want to lock down your version of JSopX™ Project Repositories or Enterprise Projects like it.

- Restricting Push Access to Origin Projects.
- Granting Access to Specific Projects or Repositories
- Restricting Access to Certain Areas of a Repository
- Giving AI Access to Certain Repositories or Areas

[`Read More »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubGetForked.md)


---

## **Next Steps**  
1. Move on to [JSopX™ Visual Studio Projects GitHub Basics](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md) to understand how source control and governance ensure that our GitHub Repositories remain aligned with enterprise goals depicted here.


---

[`Introduction`](../Introduction/Introduction/) » `JSopX™ on GitHub` » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Phases/) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectsGitHubBasics.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
