JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-5.md, before:

# JSopX™ Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 5`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-4.md) [`Next »`](../OpenProjects/)

---

## **Overview**

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Table of Contents

  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)
    - [1. Testing and Debugging](#1-testing-and-debugging)
    - [2. Deployment](#2-deployment)
    - [3. Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)](#3-continuous-integration-and-continuous-deployment-cicd)

---

## **Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols**

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

---

### 1. **Testing and Debugging**:

   - Test the communication between the frontend projects and the Web API project.
   - Debug any issues that arise during development.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 2. **Deployment**:

   - Deploy the Web API project and frontend projects to the desired hosting environment. Ensure that all projects are configured correctly for production.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)**:

   - Set up CI/CD pipelines to automate the build and deployment process for your solution.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 5`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-4.md) [`Next »`](../OpenProjects/)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-5.md, after:

# JSopX™ Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 5`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-4.md) [`Next »`](../OpenProjects/)

---

## **Overview**

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now.


[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)
    - [1. Testing and Debugging](#1-testing-and-debugging)
    - [2. Deployment](#2-deployment)
    - [3. Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)](#3-continuous-integration-and-continuous-deployment-cicd)

---

## **Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols**

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

---

### 1. **Testing and Debugging**:

   - Test the communication between the frontend projects and the Web API project.
   - Debug any issues that arise during development.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 2. **Deployment**:

   - Deploy the Web API project and frontend projects to the desired hosting environment. Ensure that all projects are configured correctly for production.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)**:

   - Set up CI/CD pipelines to automate the build and deployment process for your solution.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 5`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-4.md) [`Next »`](../OpenProjects/)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
