JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phases.md, before:

# JSopX™ Current Phases


---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover Phases and how they are used to construct projects, assets, documentation and why, 

These Phases also simplify understanding and enhance readability for developers across all experience levels.

---

> [!WARNING]
> **This will be Phases:**
> 
> Jay, we will use this format for phases. I passed by `Project Families` 5-6 this week, like, "I want to use this format and simplicity". Moreover, this will end up becoming the official `Phases.md` Navigation pages.
>

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »   [`Phases`](./Phases.md) » **`JSopX™ Phases`**  · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/) [`Next »`](./Phase-1.md)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Current Lifecycle Phases](#current-lifecycle-phases)
  - [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
  - [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

---

## **Overview**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states. I adopted an approach called, `Phases`.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Current Lifecycle Phases**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states. I adopted an approach called, `Phases`.

Using `Phases` effectively is crucial for ensuring developers can quickly understand the purpose and layout of our projects. You can think of `Phases` as Phase Gates, Lifecycles and WorkflowStates which come from the world of PLM (Production Lifecycle Management). 

This guide explores best practices for creating Visual Studio Projects, using many different technologies, to show how standards are created and mantained, introduction to file treesand Git Sub trees, how to extend new and existing project functionality, iterations of "Start from Scratch" and "Final Product" documentation based on Phase. These methods help maintain consistency and clarity, especially in complex enterprise-level ecosystems like JSopX™.

---

### **Phase 1. Minimum Viable Product (MVP):**  

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in **`Phase 1`** is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that needs to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders have been promised a proof-of-concept as soon as possible, that showcases a basic multi-platform, full-stack, enterprise-level project suite of all their current Client-Side & Server-Side Projects (e.g., _Asp.NET Core, Angular, Blazor, React, Vue, .NET MAUI Hybrid, NodeJS & More!_). 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](./Phase-1.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP):** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](./Phase-2.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 3. Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 3` is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](./Phase-3.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 4. Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](./Phase-4.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 5. Project Release & Deployment Protocols:** 

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

Please see [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](./Phase-5.md)
	
---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`JSopX™ Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./JSopxProjects.md) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectChecksBalances.md)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phases.md, after:

# JSopX™ Current Phases


---

By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover Phases and how they are used to construct projects, assets, documentation and why, 

These Phases also simplify understanding and enhance readability for developers across all experience levels.

---

> [!WARNING]
> **This will be Phases:**
> 
> Jay, we will use this format for phases. I passed by `Project Families` 5-6 this week, like, "I want to use this format and simplicity". Moreover, this will end up becoming the official `Phases.md` Navigation pages.
>

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »   [`Phases`](./Phases.md) » **`JSopX™ Phases`**  · · · [`« Previous`](../Introduction/) [`Next »`](./Phase-1.md)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [Current Lifecycle Phases](#current-lifecycle-phases)
  - [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
  - [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)
- [In Conclusion](#in-conclusion)

---

## **Overview**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states. I adopted an approach called, `Phases`.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Current Lifecycle Phases**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states. I adopted an approach called, `Phases`.

Using `Phases` effectively is crucial for ensuring developers can quickly understand the purpose and layout of our projects. You can think of `Phases` as Phase Gates, Lifecycles and WorkflowStates which come from the world of PLM (Production Lifecycle Management). 

This guide explores best practices for creating Visual Studio Projects, using many different technologies, to show how standards are created and mantained, introduction to file treesand Git Sub trees, how to extend new and existing project functionality, iterations of "Start from Scratch" and "Final Product" documentation based on Phase. These methods help maintain consistency and clarity, especially in complex enterprise-level ecosystems like JSopX™.

---

### **Phase 1. Minimum Viable Product (MVP):**  

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in **`Phase 1`** is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that needs to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders have been promised a proof-of-concept as soon as possible, that showcases a basic multi-platform, full-stack, enterprise-level project suite of all their current Client-Side & Server-Side Projects (e.g., _Asp.NET Core, Angular, Blazor, React, Vue, .NET MAUI Hybrid, NodeJS & More!_). 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](./Phase-1.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP):** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](./Phase-2.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 3. Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 3` is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](./Phase-3.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 4. Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](./Phase-4.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 5. Project Release & Deployment Protocols:** 

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

Please see [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](./Phase-5.md)
	
---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`JSopX™ Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./JSopxProjects.md) [`Next »`](./JSopxProjectChecksBalances.md)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
