JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-4.md, before:

# JSopX™ Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 4`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-3.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-5.md)

---

## **Overview**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Table of Contents

  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
    - [1. Update Final Class Library:](#1-update-final-class-library)
    - [2. Update Final Web API Project:](#2-update-final-web-api-project)
    - [3. Update Final Shared Resources Project:](#3-update-final-shared-resources-project)
    - [4. Implement Final Security Protocols:](#4-implement-final-security-protocols)
    - [5. Configure Routes:](#5-configure-routes)
    - [6. Shared Models and Services:](#6-shared-models-and-services)
    - [7. Authentication and Authorization:](#7-authentication-and-authorization)

---

## **Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

---

### 1. **Update Final Class Library**: 

Update Final ASP.NET Core Class Library project and solution parts we want to use across all applications, such as Constants, Enums, Helpers, etc.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---
   
### 2. **Update Final Web API Project**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Web API project and solution. This project will serve as the backend API that the frontend projects will communicate with.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Update Final Shared Resources Project**: 

Update new ASP.NET Core project and solution that will handle common, static, assets and resources, shared across all applications. This project will serve as the resource project with all HTML, CSS, JS, Images and other creative all projects will use to carry the same theme, look and feel across applications.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 4. **Implement Final Security Protocols**:

   - Each frontend project (_AngularJS_, _Vue_, _ReactJS_, _Blazor_, etc.) will need several security protocols implemented before final release. 
   - Add custom validation client-side logic
   - Add custom validation side-side logic
   - Add custom validators to models
   - Secure binding objects
   - Update any shared objects of a sensitive nature to utilized sealed and internal objects over public defaults.
    
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---
 
### 5. **Configure Routes**:
   - We will define appropriate routes in our Web API project to handle incoming requests from the frontend projects.
   - We will implement controllers and actions to handle these routes and interact with our data layer.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 6. **Shared Models and Services**:
   - We will consider creating shared models and services in their own project, as opposed to housing them in the Web API project that can be used across both the Web API project and the frontend projects. This will help in maintaining consistency and reducing duplication of code.
   - An eventual version of this approach will leverage a structure where we have specific repositories for each service along with a generic repository to handle common CRUD operations, following a design pattern like the Repository Pattern.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 7. **Authentication and Authorization**:

   - We will use JWT (_JSON Web Tokens_) for authentication and role-based authorization.

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 4`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-3.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-5.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-4.md, after:

# JSopX™ Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 4`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-3.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-5.md)

---

## **Overview**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
    - [1. Update Final Class Library:](#1-update-final-class-library)
    - [2. Update Final Web API Project:](#2-update-final-web-api-project)
    - [3. Update Final Shared Resources Project:](#3-update-final-shared-resources-project)
    - [4. Implement Final Security Protocols:](#4-implement-final-security-protocols)
    - [5. Configure Routes:](#5-configure-routes)
    - [6. Shared Models and Services:](#6-shared-models-and-services)
    - [7. Authentication and Authorization:](#7-authentication-and-authorization)

---

## **Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

---

### 1. **Update Final Class Library**: 

Update Final ASP.NET Core Class Library project and solution parts we want to use across all applications, such as Constants, Enums, Helpers, etc.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---
   
### 2. **Update Final Web API Project**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Web API project and solution. This project will serve as the backend API that the frontend projects will communicate with.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Update Final Shared Resources Project**: 

Update new ASP.NET Core project and solution that will handle common, static, assets and resources, shared across all applications. This project will serve as the resource project with all HTML, CSS, JS, Images and other creative all projects will use to carry the same theme, look and feel across applications.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 4. **Implement Final Security Protocols**:

   - Each frontend project (_AngularJS_, _Vue_, _ReactJS_, _Blazor_, etc.) will need several security protocols implemented before final release. 
   - Add custom validation client-side logic
   - Add custom validation side-side logic
   - Add custom validators to models
   - Secure binding objects
   - Update any shared objects of a sensitive nature to utilized sealed and internal objects over public defaults.
    
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---
 
### 5. **Configure Routes**:
   - We will define appropriate routes in our Web API project to handle incoming requests from the frontend projects.
   - We will implement controllers and actions to handle these routes and interact with our data layer.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 6. **Shared Models and Services**:
   - We will consider creating shared models and services in their own project, as opposed to housing them in the Web API project that can be used across both the Web API project and the frontend projects. This will help in maintaining consistency and reducing duplication of code.
   - An eventual version of this approach will leverage a structure where we have specific repositories for each service along with a generic repository to handle common CRUD operations, following a design pattern like the Repository Pattern.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 7. **Authentication and Authorization**:

   - We will use JWT (_JSON Web Tokens_) for authentication and role-based authorization.

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 4`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-3.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-5.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
