JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-2.md, before:

# JSopX™ Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 2`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-1.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-3.md)

---

## **Overview**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## Table of Contents

  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
    - [1. Add All Projects to BETA v 2025 Open Project EXperience Solution](#1-add-all-projects-to-beta-v-2025-open-project-experience-solution)
    - [2. Update Class Library](#2-update-class-library)
    - [3. Update Web API Project](#3-update-web-api-project)
    - [4. Update Shared Assets Project](#4-update-shared-assets-project)
    - [5. Setup Communication](#5-setup-communication)
    - [6. Configure Routes](#6-configure-routes)
    - [7. Web API Shared Models and Services](#7-web-api-shared-models-and-services)
    - [8. Authentication and Authorization (Optional)](#8-authentication-and-authorization-optional)

---

## Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. 

The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

---

### 1. **Add All Projects to BETA v 2025 Open Project EXperience Solution**:

Clone all projects and add them to the jSilvestri.com BETA v2025 Web API Demo Collection project for full access and testing of all projects in one, unified, location.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 2. **Update Class Library**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Class Library project and solution parts we want to use across all applications, such as Constants, Enums, Helpers, etc.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Update Web API Project**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Web API project and solution. This project will serve as the backend API that the frontend projects will communicate with.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 4. **Update Shared Assets Project**: 
   
Update new ASP.NET Core project and solution that will handle common, static, assets and resources, shared across all applications. This project will serve as the resource project with all HTML, CSS, JS, Images and other creative all projects will use to carry the same theme, look and feel across applications.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 5. **Setup Communication**:
Each frontend and backend project (_AngularJS_, _Vue_, _ReactJS_, _Blazor_, etc.) will make HTTP requests to the Web API project to fetch data or perform operations. For the first iteration of data, we will use some static weather data. 
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 6. **Configure Routes**:

   - We will define appropriate routes in our Web API project to handle incoming requests from the frontend projects.
   - We will implement controllers and actions to handle these routes and interact with our data layer.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 7. **Web API Shared Models and Services**:
   - We will consider creating shared models and services that can be used across both the Web API project and the frontend projects. This will help in maintaining consistency and reducing duplication of code.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 8. **Authentication and Authorization (Optional)**:

   - Implement authentication and authorization mechanisms in Web API project if required (final version should).

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 2`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-1.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-3.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/Phase-2.md, after:

# JSopX™ Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 2`**  · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-1.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-3.md)

---

## **Overview**

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
    - [1. Add All Projects to BETA v 2025 Open Project EXperience Solution](#1-add-all-projects-to-beta-v-2025-open-project-experience-solution)
    - [2. Update Class Library](#2-update-class-library)
    - [3. Update Web API Project](#3-update-web-api-project)
    - [4. Update Shared Assets Project](#4-update-shared-assets-project)
    - [5. Setup Communication](#5-setup-communication)
    - [6. Configure Routes](#6-configure-routes)
    - [7. Web API Shared Models and Services](#7-web-api-shared-models-and-services)
    - [8. Authentication and Authorization (Optional)](#8-authentication-and-authorization-optional)

---

## Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Reactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. 

The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

---

### 1. **Add All Projects to BETA v 2025 Open Project EXperience Solution**:

Clone all projects and add them to the jSilvestri.com BETA v2025 Web API Demo Collection project for full access and testing of all projects in one, unified, location.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 2. **Update Class Library**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Class Library project and solution parts we want to use across all applications, such as Constants, Enums, Helpers, etc.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 3. **Update Web API Project**: 

Update ASP.NET Core Web API project and solution. This project will serve as the backend API that the frontend projects will communicate with.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 4. **Update Shared Assets Project**: 
   
Update new ASP.NET Core project and solution that will handle common, static, assets and resources, shared across all applications. This project will serve as the resource project with all HTML, CSS, JS, Images and other creative all projects will use to carry the same theme, look and feel across applications.
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 5. **Setup Communication**:
Each frontend and backend project (_AngularJS_, _Vue_, _ReactJS_, _Blazor_, etc.) will make HTTP requests to the Web API project to fetch data or perform operations. For the first iteration of data, we will use some static weather data. 
   
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 6. **Configure Routes**:

   - We will define appropriate routes in our Web API project to handle incoming requests from the frontend projects.
   - We will implement controllers and actions to handle these routes and interact with our data layer.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 7. **Web API Shared Models and Services**:
   - We will consider creating shared models and services that can be used across both the Web API project and the frontend projects. This will help in maintaining consistency and reducing duplication of code.
      
[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### 8. **Authentication and Authorization (Optional)**:

   - Implement authentication and authorization mechanisms in Web API project if required (final version should).

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  [`Phases`](./ReadMe.md) » **`Phase 2`**  · · ·  [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](./Phase-1.md) [`Next »`](./Phase-3.md)

---

##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
