JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/ReadMe.md, before:

# JSopX™ Current Phases



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover Phases and how they are used to construct projects, assets, documentation and why, 

These `Phases` also simplify understanding and enhance readability for developers across all experience levels.

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  **[`JSopX™ Lifecycle Phases`](./ReadMe.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](../Technologies/) [`Next »`](../GitHub/)

---

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Current Lifecycle Phases](#current-lifecycle-phases)
  - [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
  - [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)

---

## **Overview**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Lifecycle Phases**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states.

Now, if you are unfamilar with [Phases](../Phases/) (also known as, [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) and in rare cases, you'll hear me use _PLM Tiles_), you are not alone. 

Long ago, I adopted concepts such _Lifecycles_, _Lifecycle Phases_, _Lifecycle Gates_, _Workflows_, _Workflow States_, etc., from the world of PLM (_Product Lifecycle Management_), an industry where I spent the first 5 years of my professional career, working with Fortune 500 companies as a PLM consultant, integrating giant PLM products into giant business processes. This is before I ever became a developer (_or rather, the reason I spent the next 20 years becoming the developer I am today_).

I am going to do my best not to go off the rails, but it is important for us to touch a little more on this subject before moving on. 

When your projects and applications reach a point where they are handling millions of data artifacts, or perform management of products with millions of working parts, or even if you have a few products with millions of consumers, they will reach a point of evolution that requires a different set of mechanics, development standards, design patterns & process management best practices. Unfortunately, often times a business doesn't even know it until they have outgrown previous iterations of their projects and applications, and in many cases, to a point of decomissioning them entirely, in anticipation their next generation of applications will be robust enough to handle their present day supply and demand business concerns. Even with the best possible outcome, you can expect the finished product to be at least a year behind the latest version of technology used to develop your application(s). Done wrong, you can expect catestrophic failure. What's the worst part? In either case, your business would have spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, even millions, when large parts of what makes these problems could have been avoided. 

So, think of [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) as a custom, mini version methodology I developed, which is a consolidation of all PLM concepts mentioned, for use with projects of a few or many applications, where project management methodologies, such as Scrum, Agile & Waterfall still retain their unique approaches to the completion of tasks, while doing large, spiral-development brush strokes of related work, across all projects of a given product suite, all performed in a single phase. Each phase thereafter, succeeds the previous phase, with the same approach, but often with more complexities that generally address larger and larger business concerns.

I used [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) to develop the JSopX™ enterprise solution, and all its projects.

This guide explores the Phases and best practices for creating Visual Studio Projects, using many different technologies, to show how standards are created and mantained, and how these methods help maintain consistency and clarity, especially in complex enterprise-level ecosystems like JSopX™.

---

### **Phase 1. Minimum Viable Product (MVP):**  

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in **`Phase 1`** is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that needs to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders have been promised a proof-of-concept as soon as possible, that showcases a basic multi-platform, full-stack, enterprise-level project suite of all their current Client-Side & Server-Side Projects (e.g., _Asp.NET Core, Angular, Blazor, React, Vue, .NET MAUI Hybrid, NodeJS & More!_). 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](./Phase-1.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP):** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](./Phase-2.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 3. Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 3` is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](./Phase-3.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 4. Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](./Phase-4.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 5. Project Release & Deployment Protocols:** 

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

Please see [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](./Phase-5.md)

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  **[`JSopX™ Lifecycle Phases`](./ReadMe.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Technologies/) [`Next »`](../GitHub/)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri

Commit message:

Updated most deprecated resources to include links to latest repository.

JSopX.BridgeTooFar/DocsOpenX/Phases/ReadMe.md, after:

# JSopX™ Current Phases



**From the ﻿BETA v 2025 Jason Silvestri Open Project EXperiences (JSopX™) Collection**

---


By exploring the [Overview](#overview), you’ll discover Phases and how they are used to construct projects, assets, documentation and why, 

These `Phases` also simplify understanding and enhance readability for developers across all experience levels.

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **This is a DRAFT:**
> 
> The content before you is a draft version of the document. It **should not** be considered **accurate** and may contain placeholder information.
>

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  **[`JSopX™ Lifecycle Phases`](./ReadMe.md)** · · · [`« Previous`](../Technologies/) [`Next »`](../GitHub/)

---


> [!CAUTION]
> **Deprecated:**
> 
> The content before you is deprecated. Visit **[https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri/JSopX.BridgeTooFar)** for the latest version.
>

---

## Table of Contents


- [Overview](#overview)
- [Current Lifecycle Phases](#current-lifecycle-phases)
  - [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](#phase-1-minimum-viable-product-mvp)
  - [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](#phase-2-minimum-viable-refactor-product-mvrp)
  - [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](#phase-3-advanced-user-interface-connectivity-and-re-usability)
  - [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](#phase-4-implement-final-security-protocols-deployment-strategies-and-more)
  - [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](#phase-5-project-release--deployment-protocols)

---

## **Overview**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states.

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

## **Lifecycle Phases**

There is a plethora of factors that go into the creation of an Enterprise-Level Application, from conception to release to market. Conversely, from a developer and/or group of developers' perspective, that entire world becomes razor focused to a particular set of skills that we are masters at without a doubt. Still, it takes dicipline, set standards, and some form of broad-stroke design pattern that can tackle large parts of the development lifecycle and workflow states.

Now, if you are unfamilar with [Phases](../Phases/) (also known as, [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) and in rare cases, you'll hear me use _PLM Tiles_), you are not alone. 

Long ago, I adopted concepts such _Lifecycles_, _Lifecycle Phases_, _Lifecycle Gates_, _Workflows_, _Workflow States_, etc., from the world of PLM (_Product Lifecycle Management_), an industry where I spent the first 5 years of my professional career, working with Fortune 500 companies as a PLM consultant, integrating giant PLM products into giant business processes. This is before I ever became a developer (_or rather, the reason I spent the next 20 years becoming the developer I am today_).

I am going to do my best not to go off the rails, but it is important for us to touch a little more on this subject before moving on. 

When your projects and applications reach a point where they are handling millions of data artifacts, or perform management of products with millions of working parts, or even if you have a few products with millions of consumers, they will reach a point of evolution that requires a different set of mechanics, development standards, design patterns & process management best practices. Unfortunately, often times a business doesn't even know it until they have outgrown previous iterations of their projects and applications, and in many cases, to a point of decomissioning them entirely, in anticipation their next generation of applications will be robust enough to handle their present day supply and demand business concerns. Even with the best possible outcome, you can expect the finished product to be at least a year behind the latest version of technology used to develop your application(s). Done wrong, you can expect catestrophic failure. What's the worst part? In either case, your business would have spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, even millions, when large parts of what makes these problems could have been avoided. 

So, think of [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) as a custom, mini version methodology I developed, which is a consolidation of all PLM concepts mentioned, for use with projects of a few or many applications, where project management methodologies, such as Scrum, Agile & Waterfall still retain their unique approaches to the completion of tasks, while doing large, spiral-development brush strokes of related work, across all projects of a given product suite, all performed in a single phase. Each phase thereafter, succeeds the previous phase, with the same approach, but often with more complexities that generally address larger and larger business concerns.

I used [Lifecycle Phases](../Phases/) to develop the JSopX™ enterprise solution, and all its projects.

This guide explores the Phases and best practices for creating Visual Studio Projects, using many different technologies, to show how standards are created and mantained, and how these methods help maintain consistency and clarity, especially in complex enterprise-level ecosystems like JSopX™.

---

### **Phase 1. Minimum Viable Product (MVP):**  

The sole purpose of Project Development Steps in **`Phase 1`** is to create a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that needs to similuate a real-world case where stakeholders have been promised a proof-of-concept as soon as possible, that showcases a basic multi-platform, full-stack, enterprise-level project suite of all their current Client-Side & Server-Side Projects (e.g., _Asp.NET Core, Angular, Blazor, React, Vue, .NET MAUI Hybrid, NodeJS & More!_). 

Please see [Phase 1: Minimum Viable Product (MVP)](./Phase-1.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP):** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 2` is to create a Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP) to similuate a real-world case where the developers should be quickly getting rid of creating more proof-of-concept features. The Minimum Viable Product did its job. Most importantly, it has already outlived its purpose. It is time to start refactoring some of the code and processes created this far, and start thinking about focusing on tying in re-usable Web APIs, assets, and other object oriented programming design patterns and best practices you would expect in a Multi-Plaform, Multi-Stack, Enterprise-Leval Application.

Please see [Phase 2: Minimum Viable Refactor Product (MVRP)](./Phase-2.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 3. Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 3` is to dig in hard with some of the most advanced aspects of all parts of each project, across the entire project suite. Whatever base assets should be included. Primary Web API should be included. All Project Referenced should be configured. Even the start of Security Protocols should be developed hand-and-hand with areas of the projects that require it.

Please see [Phase 3: Advanced User Interface Connectivity and Re-Usability](./Phase-3.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 4. Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More:** 

The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 4` is to Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and any other major aspects of the applications you have not yet handled. This isn't a little pat on the back and lets do a good job. If you yet implemented or close to finishing Final Security Protocols you should be worried, along with any other related security design patterns and best practices you may have missed. I cannot stress enough about the importance of taking care of these things before your first release candidate.

Please see [Phase 4: Implement Final Security Protocols, Deployment Strategies and More](./Phase-4.md)

[`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents)

---

### **Phase 5. Project Release & Deployment Protocols:** 

We all know where we are: we are in the End Game now. The purpose of Project Development Steps in `Phase 5` is to perform absolute final QA, and to fully implement Final Release and Deployment Protocols to ensure first release candidate in time to market.

Please see [Phase 5: Project Release & Deployment Protocols](./Phase-5.md)

---

[`Home`](../OpenProjects/jsopx.BridgeTooFar/README.md) » [`Introduction`](../Introduction/) »  **[`JSopX™ Lifecycle Phases`](./ReadMe.md)** · · · [`⇧ Back to Top`](#table-of-contents) · · · [`« Previous`](../Technologies/) [`Next »`](../GitHub/)

---


##### [JSopX.com](https://www.jsopx.com/) | [Jason's Official Website](https://www.jsilvestri.com/) | [X](https://www.x.com/JasonSilvestri) | [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/JasonSilvestri) | [GitHub](https://github.com/JasonSilvestri) | [Gmail](mailto:therealjasonsilvestri@gmail.com) | [Phone : 508-851-9445](phoneto:508-851-9445)

###### Copyright © 2025 - All Rights Reserved by Jason Silvestri
